POST  http://localhost:3000/api/job
Content-Type: application/json

 [{"id":108500,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/108500-virtual-sales-consultant-peo","jobSlug":"108500-virtual-sales-consultant-peo","jobTitle":"Virtual Sales Consultant (Outbound)","companyName":"TriNet","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/02\/d8c7aebc-221.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"As a Virtual Sales Consultant, with TriNet you&#8217;ll help power business success with extraordinary HR by pursuing new prospects, sharing and quantifying our value proposition, and selling TriNet&#8217;s comprehensive solutions. You&#8217;ll prospect and build your own book of business for SaaS and ASO in emerging markets, own your opportunities, and execute the sales process. In&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>As a Virtual Sales Consultant, with TriNet you&#8217;ll help power business success with extraordinary HR by pursuing new prospects, sharing and quantifying our value proposition, and selling TriNet&#8217;s comprehensive solutions. You&#8217;ll prospect and build your own book of business for SaaS and ASO in emerging markets, own your opportunities, and execute the sales process. In an effort of exceeding quota, you&#8217;ll build pipeline, conduct sales meetings with prospective clients via video conferencing, write proposals, gain approvals, and present those proposals to prospective clients, including C-level executives, business owners and other decision makers in midsize businesses.<\/p>\n<h2>Essential Duties\/ Responsibilities:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Plan: Develop an annual plan to hit targets in assigned emerging market territories, may cover multiple states and\/or regions and manage a diverse portfolio of industries within TriNet assigned verticals.<\/li>\n<li>Prospect: Consistently work on building a balanced pipeline of target prospects through traditional means of prospecting (email, phone, LinkedIn) and working within assigned accounts in specific GEOs.<\/li>\n<li>Qualifying opportunities: Strong understanding of target emerging market and decision-making personas will help to qualify or disqualify quickly.<\/li>\n<li>Value &amp; Consultative Selling: Establish a trusted advisor relationship, both internally at TriNet and within the prospect\u2019s decision-making system, to effectively gain successful business and long-term client relationships.<\/li>\n<li>Sales Process: Utilize a sophisticated and multi-step selling process with defined criteria, executive sponsorship and internal business processes.<\/li>\n<li>Sales tools and systems: Utilize Sales systems including Salesforce.com, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, Zoominfo and quoting tools to efficiently and effectively manage daily activities.<\/li>\n<li>Achieve annual quota target by meeting sales activity metrics.<\/li>\n<li>Complete all administrative tasks and duties in a timely manner.<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrate TriNet\u2019s Core Values daily.<\/li>\n<li>Other projects and responsibilities may be added at the manager\u2019s discretion.<\/li>\n<li>Performs other duties as assigned.<\/li>\n<li>Complies with all policies and standards.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Education:<\/h2>\n<p>Bachelor\u2019s degree or equivalent experience, preferred<\/p>\n<h2>Experience:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Minimum of 3 years experience in B2B multi-stage, full sales cycle virtual sales role, with knowledge in SaaS, HRO, Cloud, HRIS, ERP, and\/or technology. REQUIREDProven SaaS, HCM, and\/or ASO is ideal. PREFERRED<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Other Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Strong phone-based development skills required.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to conduct online demos and virtual meetings.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to work within a team environment.<\/li>\n<li>Success with complex, consultative, C-level sales.<\/li>\n<li>Strong business acumen and P&amp;L analysis.<\/li>\n<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills, interpersonal skills and presentation skills.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to build your own book of business from prospecting, sourcing, establishing and maximizing partner and referral networks.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to communicate with employees at all levels of the organization.<\/li>\n<li>A demonstrated commitment to high professional ethical standards and a diverse workplace.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to build strong ecosystem partnerships and business referral relationships to share the value and mission of TriNet.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to adapt to a fast paced continually changing business and work environment while managing multiple priorities.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with technology and common software and web applications, including MS Office and Salesforce.com or comparable CRM.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Work Environment:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Work in clean, pleasant, and comfortable home or office setting. The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable persons with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Position may be considered remote and require reliable and consistent internet service<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Travel Requirements:<\/h2>\n<p>Minimal travel may be expected on occasion. The salary range for this role is $60,000 to $85,000. The candidate\u2019s final salary offer will be based on the candidate\u2019s skills, education, work location and experience.<\/p>\n<p>Candidates hired into roles in the sales organization are also eligible for commissions consistent with TriNet\u2019s commission plan.<\/p>\n<p>Additionally, subject to applicable eligibility requirements, TriNet offers permanent full-time employees a variety of benefits including medical, dental, and vision plans, life and disability insurance, a 401(K) savings plan, an employee stock purchase plan, eleven (11) Company observed holidays, PTO and a comprehensive leave program.<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-16 03:18:20","annualSalaryMin":"60000","annualSalaryMax":"85000","salaryCurrency":"USD"},{"id":102902,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/102902-upsell-sales-consultant","jobSlug":"102902-upsell-sales-consultant","jobTitle":"Sales Consultant","companyName":"TriNet","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/02\/d8c7aebc-221.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"TriNet has a nationwide presence and an experienced executive team. Our stock is publicly traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol TNET. If you\u2019re passionate about innovation and making an impact on the large SMB market, come join us as we power our clients\u2019 business success with extraordinary HR. Don&#8217;t meet every single requirement?&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>TriNet has a nationwide presence and an experienced executive team. Our stock is publicly traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol TNET. If you\u2019re passionate about innovation and making an impact on the large SMB market, come join us as we power our clients\u2019 business success with extraordinary HR.<\/p>\n<p><strong>Don&#8217;t meet every single requirement? Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single requirement. At TriNet, we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you&#8217;re excited about this role but your past experience doesn&#8217;t align perfectly with every single qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may just be the right candidate for this or other roles.\u00a0<\/strong><\/p>\n<h2><strong>Job Summary<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>As a Sales Consultant with TriNet you\u2019ll help power business success with extraordinary HR by pursuing new prospects, sharing and quantifying our value proposition, and selling TriNet\u2019s comprehensive solution which includes access to benefits, payroll, and HR services to companies with 5-99 employees within your designated territory. You\u2019ll prospect and build your own book of business, own your opportunities and execute your sales process an organized calendar of activities. In an effort of exceeding quota, you\u2019ll build pipeline, conduct sales meetings with prospective clients, write proposals, gain approvals, and present those proposals to prospective clients, including C-level executives, business owners and other decision makers in midsize businesses.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Essential Duties\/Responsibilities<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Plan: Develop an annual plan to hit targets in defined territory, typically covering multiple states and\/or regions and a diverse portfolio of industries, all centered around larger businesses with 5-99 employees.<\/li>\n<li>Prospect: Consistently work on building a balanced pipeline of target prospects through traditional means of prospecting (cold calling, email, phone, LinkedIn) as well as building and leveraging a diverse group of ecosystem partners to provide referrals and business development opportunities.<\/li>\n<li>Qualifying opportunities: Strong understanding of target market and decision-making personas will help to qualify or disqualify quickly.<\/li>\n<li>Value &amp; Consultative Selling: Establish a trusted advisor relationship, both inside of TriNet and within the prospect\u2019s decision-making system, to effectively gain successful business and long-term client relationships.<\/li>\n<li>Sales Process: Utilize a sophisticated and multi-step selling process with defined criteria, executive sponsorship and internal business processes. Balance multiple complex opportunities in parallel through the stages of typical 3-6-month sales process.<\/li>\n<li>Sales tools and systems:\u00a0 Utilize Sales systems including Salesforce.com, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, Zoominfo and quoting tools to efficiently and effectively manage daily activities.<\/li>\n<li>Achieve quota target by meeting sales activity metrics.<\/li>\n<li>Complete all administrative tasks and duties in a timely manner.<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrate TriNet\u2019s core values daily.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Required for All Jobs<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Performs other duties as assigned.<\/li>\n<li>Complies with all policies and standards.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Education Qualifications<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Bachelor\u2019s degree desired; or equivalent education and\/or related work experience.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Experience Qualifications<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Typically 3+ years\u2019 experience in B2B complex sales cycle role required.<\/li>\n<li>Proven PEO experience preferred.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Skills and Abilities<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to communicate with colleagues at all levels of the organization.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to build your own book of business from prospecting, sourcing, establishing and maximizing partner and referral networks.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to build strong ecosystem partnerships and business referral relationships to share the value and mission of TriNet.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to manage multiple priorities and sales opportunities at different stages.<\/li>\n<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills, interpersonal skills and presentation skills.<\/li>\n<li>A proven dedication to high professional ethical standards and a diverse workplace.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to adapt to a fast paced continually evolving business and work environment while managing balancing priorities.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with technology and common software and web applications, including MS Office and Salesforce.com.<\/li>\n<li>Detail oriented.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Travel Requirements<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Ability and willingness to travel to prospective clients\u2019 sites within your assigned territory.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Work Environment<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Work in clean, pleasant, and comfortable home or office setting. The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable persons with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Position may be considered remote and require reliable and consistent internet service.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>The salary range for this role is $75,000 to $130,000. The candidate\u2019s final salary offer will be based on the candidate\u2019s skills, education, work location and experience.<\/p>\n<p>Candidates hired into roles in the sales organization are also eligible for commissions consistent with TriNet\u2019s commission plan.<\/p>\n<p>Additionally, subject to applicable eligibility requirements, TriNet offers permanent full-time employees a variety of benefits including medical, dental, and vision plans, life and disability insurance, a 401(K) savings plan, an employee stock purchase plan, eleven (11) Company observed holidays, PTO and a comprehensive leave program. \u00a0Please click the following link for detailed information about our benefits offerings: \u00a0https:\/\/www.trinet.com\/documents\/blt5b61a1040aae1904<\/p>\n<p>Please Note: TriNet reserves the right to change or modify job duties and assignments at any time. The above job description is not all encompassing. Position functions and qualifications may vary depending on business necessity<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-16 03:18:12","annualSalaryMin":"75000","annualSalaryMax":"130000","salaryCurrency":"USD"},{"id":109651,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/109651-frontend-wordpress-developer","jobSlug":"109651-frontend-wordpress-developer","jobTitle":"Frontend - WordPress Developer","companyName":"Pearson","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/09\/c80907b6d4b64a0bd9295e304bf1ac8a.jpg","jobIndustry":["Programming"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Spain","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"Mondly by Pearson is a leading language learning platform dedicated to making language learning accessible, engaging, and effective. As part of Pearson, we leverage the power of cutting-edge technology to deliver innovative language education solutions to millions of users worldwide. We are looking for a highly skilled Frontend\/WordPress Developer to join our dynamic team and&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>Mondly by Pearson is a leading language learning platform dedicated to making language learning accessible, engaging, and effective. As part of Pearson, we leverage the power of cutting-edge technology to deliver innovative language education solutions to millions of users worldwide. We are looking for a highly skilled Frontend\/WordPress Developer to join our dynamic team and contribute to the development of world-class applications.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Job Summary:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>The WordPress Developer Analyst will be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining websites using the WordPress platform. Working in collaboration with other members of the Technology and Marketing teams, the successful candidate will play a crucial role in achieving the organization&#8217;s goals by delivering high-quality websites that meet the company&#8217;s needs. In this role, the candidate will be expected to optimize the performance, functionality, and user experience of the websites.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Key Responsibilities:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Develop and maintain WordPress plugins and themes;<\/li>\n<li>Ensure high performance and availability, and manage all technical aspects of the CMS;<\/li>\n<li>Stay up-to-date with the latest industry trends and best practices;<\/li>\n<li>Collaborate with other team members to ensure the blog and\/or website is optimized for usability and performance;<\/li>\n<li>Maintaining security and optimizing the existing code;<\/li>\n<li>Integrate third-party APIs to enhance website functionality;<\/li>\n<li>Conduct regular site audits to identify areas for improvement and optimization;<\/li>\n<li>Responsible for both back-end and front-end development;<\/li>\n<li>Comply with data protection and privacy regulations, ensuring adherence to best practices in website management;<\/li>\n<li>Promote a culture of partnership, teamwork, innovation and diversity, equity, and inclusion;<\/li>\n<li>Participate in a highly collaborative, customer-centred, data-driven culture that challenges norms with a bias for action and defending it; supports the diversity of thought, experiences, and approaches to problem-solving.<\/li>\n<li>Duly observe all applicable health and safety laws and regulations.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Qualifications &amp; Skills:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Degree (or equivalent) preferred, ideally in Computer Science or equivalent experience;<\/li>\n<li>At least 3 years of experience in WordPress development;<\/li>\n<li>Solid knowledge of PHP, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript;<\/li>\n<li>Working knowledge with AWS Elastic Beanstalk, S3 and Cloud front is a plus;<\/li>\n<li>A good understanding of relational databases, in particular MySQL, is a plus;<\/li>\n<li>Experience with responsive and adaptive design is preferred;<\/li>\n<li>Experience with Frontend Web frameworks like React.js, Ember.js is a plus<\/li>\n<li>Strong communication skills and ability to seamlessly collaborate with several different teams;<\/li>\n<li>A technical mindset with great attention to detail;<\/li>\n<li>Passion for education and learning;<\/li>\n<li>Evident fluency in the English Language, being confident in speaking, reading and writing communication.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Why join Mondly by Pearson?<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Opportunity to work on impactful projects that reach millions of users worldwide.<\/li>\n<li>Collaborative and inclusive company culture that values diversity and innovation.<\/li>\n<li>Competitive salary and benefits package<\/li>\n<li>Flexible work arrangements, including remote work options.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>Diversity:\u00a0At Pearson we value the power of an inclusive culture and a strong sense of belonging. We promote a culture where\u00a0differences are embraced as strengths and opportunities are equal and accessible.<\/p>\n<p>Flexible working:\u00a0Pearson is committed to hybrid working practices and has adopted flexible remote and virtual working. Where possible our employees can choose to manage their attendance to the office more flexibly.<\/p>\n<p>How to apply: Thank you for your interest in applying for a role at Pearson. Please submit an updated CV and cover letter (optional) in English. If you have any additional questions or require further information, please do not hesitate to reach out to us.<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-16 03:16:15"},{"id":110731,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/110731-senior-product-security-engineer","jobSlug":"110731-senior-product-security-engineer","jobTitle":"Sr. Product Security Engineer","companyName":"Databricks","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/12\/4e3f864ba9cf3c62d471e1c62414d098.jpg","jobIndustry":["Software Engineering"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Europe","jobLevel":"Senior","jobExcerpt":"While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered. The Product Security Team&#8217;s mission is to Left-shift SDLC (Security Development Lifecycle) processes for ALL code written in Databricks (for Customer Use or Supporting Customer internally) to reduce the likelihood of introducing new vulnerabilities in production and&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p data-renderer-start-pos=\"1648\">While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered.<\/p>\n<p>The Product Security Team&#8217;s mission is to Left-shift SDLC (Security Development Lifecycle) processes for ALL code written in Databricks (for Customer Use or Supporting Customer internally) to reduce the likelihood of introducing new vulnerabilities in production and minimize the count and effect of externally identified vulnerabilities on Databricks Services.<\/p>\n<p>You will be an individual contributor on the product security team at Databricks, manage SDLC functions for features and products within Databricks. This would include, but is not limited to, security design reviews, threat models, manual code reviews, exploit writing and exploit chain creation. You will also support IR and VRP programs when there is a vulnerability report or a product security incident. You will work with a global team, spread across various locations in the US and EMEA.<\/p>\n<h2 data-renderer-start-pos=\"2006\"><strong data-renderer-mark=\"true\">The impact you will have<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul class=\"ak-ul\" data-indent-level=\"1\">\n<li>Full SDLC Support for new product features being developed in ENG and non-ENG teams. This would include Threat Modeling, Design Review, Manual Code Review, Exploit writing, etc.<\/li>\n<li>Work with other security teams to provide support for Incident Response and Vulnerability Response as and when needed.<\/li>\n<li>Work with the results of SAST tools to help evaluate and identify false positives and file defects for real issues.<\/li>\n<li>Work on DAST tools and related automation for auto-assessment and defect filing.<\/li>\n<li>Maintain the automation framework and add new features as needed to support different security compliances that Databricks may want to get into \u2013 FedRamp, PCI, HIPPA, etc.<\/li>\n<li>Prioritize security from a risk management perspective, rather than an absolute textbook version.<\/li>\n<li>Help develop and implement security processes to improve the overall productivity of the product security organization and the SDLC process in general<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2 data-renderer-start-pos=\"2367\"><strong data-renderer-mark=\"true\">What we look for<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul class=\"ak-ul\" data-indent-level=\"1\">\n<li>3+ years of experience with the Threat Modeling process and ability to find design problems based on a block diagram of data flow.<\/li>\n<li>Solid understanding on at least two of the following domains &#8211; Web Security, Cloud Security, Systems Security and Applied Cryptography.<\/li>\n<li>3+ years of experience with one or more of Python\/Java\/Scala\/JavaScript and ability to read code to identify security defects.<\/li>\n<li>Strong skills on scripting and automation on exploits<\/li>\n<li>Fuzzing skills are good to have.<\/li>\n<li>Exploit writing skills is a positive and greatly required.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<div class=\"content-conclusion\">\n<h2><strong>About Databricks<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide \u2014 including Comcast, Cond\u00e9 Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 \u2014 rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark\u2122, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on\u00a0Twitter,\u00a0LinkedIn\u00a0and\u00a0Facebook.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics<\/p>\n<\/div>","pubDate":"2024-10-16 03:15:37"},{"id":110732,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/110732-sales-development-representative-german-english-speaking","jobSlug":"110732-sales-development-representative-german-english-speaking","jobTitle":"Business Development Representative (German)","companyName":"1Password","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2020\/09\/WRILS-200909195848-296323.png","jobIndustry":["Business Development"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"UK","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"As an SMB\/MM BDR, you&#8217;ll be instrumental in driving our growth across the SMB and Mid-Market sectors within the EMEA Region. This role has a higher emphasis on generating inbound opportunities while still engaging in outbound activities. You will be the initial point of contact for potential customers, setting the foundation for successful sales engagements&#8230;.","jobDescription":"<p>As an SMB\/MM BDR, you&#8217;ll be instrumental in driving our growth across the SMB and Mid-Market sectors within the EMEA Region. This role has a higher emphasis on generating inbound opportunities while still engaging in outbound activities. You will be the initial point of contact for potential customers, setting the foundation for successful sales engagements.<\/p>\n<p>This is a remote opportunity within the UK.<\/p>\n<h2>What we&#8217;re looking for:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li><b>Communication &amp; Language:<\/b>\u00a0You have strong written and spoken communication skills in German and English, with the ability to engage and develop relationships, sharing information effectively across all professional levels.<\/li>\n<li><b>Experience:<\/b>\u00a0Up to one year or more of relevant customer-facing experience, preferably in sales or related roles where communication and relationship-building skills were essential.<\/li>\n<li><b>Results-Oriented:<\/b>\u00a0You are motivated, driven, and focused on achieving and exceeding targets. You demonstrate discipline and a results-oriented spirit in all your efforts.<\/li>\n<li><b>Teamwork &amp; Collaboration:\u00a0<\/b>You value teamwork and actively engage in knowledge sharing and celebrating team successes.<\/li>\n<li><b>Growth Mindset:<\/b>\u00a0You embrace feedback, continuously seeking learning opportunities, and committed to career progression and advancement within Sales.<\/li>\n<li><b>Curiosity &amp; Adaptability:<\/b>\u00a0You are naturally curious, quick to adapt, and thrive in a dynamic environment.<\/li>\n<li><b>Tech-Savvy:<\/b>\u00a0You are comfortable with Salesforce, Outreach, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, or related tools, and eager to learn new technologies.<\/li>\n<li><b>Organisation &amp; Time Management:<\/b>\u00a0You have strong organisation and time management skills, enabling you to juggle multiple tasks effectively.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>What you can expect:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li><b>Deliver Exceptional Customer Service:<\/b>\u00a0Provide outstanding experiences to prospective customers by responding promptly to inquiries and addressing their needs effectively.<\/li>\n<li><b>Generate and Qualify Leads:<\/b>\u00a0Identify and qualify inbound prospects, facilitating smooth introductions to our Sales teams for further engagement.<\/li>\n<li><b>Develop Product Knowledge:\u00a0<\/b>Gain a thorough understanding of 1Password and its value proposition, including the challenges it solves for our customers and users.<\/li>\n<li><b>Leverage Cutting-Edge Tools:<\/b>\u00a0Utilise a leading software stack, including Salesforce, Outreach, and LinkedIn, to optimise your workflow and enhance productivity.<\/li>\n<li><b>Innovate and Experiment:<\/b>\u00a0Contribute to a culture of innovation by experimenting with new tactics and strategies to achieve the best results<\/li>\n<li><b>Travel:<\/b>\u00a0You may occasionally be required to travel for company meetings and marketing events. The frequency and duration of travel will depend on business needs. Travel may include visits to countries where your language skills will be a valuable asset.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>We believe in the power of remote work, but we also recognize that some in-person connection with team members and customers is important to help us achieve our mission. While we are a remote-first company, occasional travel for in-person engagement will be a part of this role. This may include but is not limited to bi-annual department-wide offsites, quarterly department meetings and periodic customer events. These events will typically be held in varying locations across Canada and the USA. In leadership roles, you can expect to travel once per month on average.<\/p>\n<h2><b>What we offer:<\/b><\/h2>\n<p>We believe in working hard, and resting hard. We\u2019re always looking for new ways to support our team members, but here\u2019s a glance at what we currently offer:<br \/>\n<b>Health and wellbeing<\/b><br \/>\n&gt;\u00a0\u00a0Maternity and parental leave top-up programs<br \/>\n&gt;\u00a0\u00a0Wellness spending account<br \/>\n&gt;\u00a0\u00a0Generous PTO policy<br \/>\n&gt;  Company-wide wellness days off scheduled throughout the year<br \/>\n&gt;\u00a0\u00a0Wellness Coach membership<br \/>\n&gt;\u00a0\u00a0Comprehensive health coverage<\/p>\n<p><b>\u00a0Growth and future\u00a0<\/b><br \/>\n&gt;\u00a0\u00a0Employee stock option program for all full-time employees<br \/>\n&gt;\u00a0\u00a0Retirement matching program<br \/>\n&gt;\u00a0\u00a0Training budget, 1Password University access, and learning sessions<br \/>\n&gt;  Free 1Password account (and friends and family discount!)<\/p>\n<p><b>Flexibility and community<\/b><br \/>\n&gt;\u00a0\u00a0Paid volunteer days<br \/>\n&gt;\u00a0\u00a0Employee-led DEIB programs and ERGs and ECGs<br \/>\n&gt;\u00a0\u00a0Fully remote environment<br \/>\n&gt;\u00a0\u00a0Peer-to-peer recognition through Bonusly<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-16 03:14:44"},{"id":111614,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/111614-senior-software-engineer-ii","jobSlug":"111614-senior-software-engineer-ii","jobTitle":"Senior Software Engineer II","companyName":"Boulevard","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/12\/a45167e12b0ed51058a884cf9cd0c76f.png","jobIndustry":["Software Engineering"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Canada,  USA","jobLevel":"Senior","jobExcerpt":"As a Senior Software Engineer for the Platform &amp; Infrastructure team, you will play a crucial role in designing, implementing, and managing our cloud infrastructure on AWS. You will work closely with our development and operations teams to ensure the reliability, scalability, and security of our cloud-based applications and services. The ideal candidate will have&#8230;","jobDescription":"<div>\n<p>As a Senior Software Engineer for the Platform &amp; Infrastructure team, you will play a crucial role in designing, implementing, and managing our cloud infrastructure on AWS. You will work closely with our development and operations teams to ensure the reliability, scalability, and security of our cloud-based applications and services. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in DevOps practices, experience with AWS cloud services, and a solid understanding of security principles.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>What you\u2019ll do here:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Design, implement, and maintain scalable and secure cloud infrastructure on AWS, utilizing services such as AWS Lambda, S3, and Postgres databases.<\/li>\n<li>Develop and automate CI\/CD pipelines to streamline the deployment process and improve release cycles.<\/li>\n<li>Monitor and troubleshoot infrastructure issues, ensuring high availability and performance of cloud-based applications.<\/li>\n<li>Implement security best practices and compliance standards to protect sensitive data and infrastructure assets.<\/li>\n<li>Collaborate with development teams to optimize application performance and resource utilization in the cloud environment.<\/li>\n<li>Stay updated on emerging cloud technologies and best practices, and make recommendations for continuous improvement.<\/li>\n<li>Participate in on-call rotations.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>What you\u2019ll need to thrive:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>6+ years of experience in software engineering, with a focus on infrastructure development and cloud architecture.<\/li>\n<li>Proven experience as a DevOps Engineer or similar role, with a focus on cloud infrastructure.<\/li>\n<li>Strong knowledge of AWS cloud services, including AWS Lambda, S3, and Postgres database.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with infrastructure as code (IaC) tools such as Terraform or AWS CloudFormation.<\/li>\n<li>Proficiency in scripting languages such as Python or Bash for automation tasks.<\/li>\n<li>Familiarity with CI\/CD pipelines and tools such as Jenkins, GitLab CI, or AWS CodePipeline.<\/li>\n<li>Understanding of security principles and best practices for cloud environments, including IAM, encryption, and network security.<\/li>\n<li>Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work effectively in a team environment.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with Elixir is a plus.<\/li>\n<li>AWS certifications (e.g., AWS Certified DevOps Engineer, AWS Certified Solutions Architect) are a plus.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>How we\u2019ll take care of you: \u00a0<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>Your total budgeted cash compensation for this role is between $170,000 and $205,000 USD, depending on your current skills, experience, training, and overall market demands. This range is subject to change, and there is always room for growth and advancement.<\/p>\n<\/div>\n<div>\n<p>In addition to the wonderful people you\u2019ll get to work with\u00a0and challenging projects that\u2019ll push you &#8211; Boulevard is here to make sure you\u2019re always at the top of your game emotionally, mentally, and physically.<\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>\u2728 We\u2019ve got you covered with a 401(k) match plus dental, medical, vision, and life insurance.<\/li>\n<li> Take a break whenever you need with our flexible vacation day policy.<\/li>\n<li> Fully remote so you can choose where you want to work. You\u2019ll receive a work from home stipend every month.<\/li>\n<li> Family planning resources and specialized support programs.<\/li>\n<li> Equity: get ahead on the ground floor and grow with Boulevard.<\/li>\n<li> Boulevard Bucks Learning and Development program allows employees to explore businesses in the market we serve.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p><em>Boulevard Labs, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. All employment decisions at Boulevard Labs, Inc. are based on business needs, job requirements, and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local law.<\/em><\/p>\n<\/div>","pubDate":"2024-10-16 03:10:13","annualSalaryMin":"170000","annualSalaryMax":"205000","salaryCurrency":"USD"},{"id":110734,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/110734-senior-data-engineer-9","jobSlug":"110734-senior-data-engineer-9","jobTitle":"Senior Data Engineer","companyName":"Fleetio","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2023\/07\/e571b83c37e0ed5371754d319be16e76.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Data Science"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Canada,  Mexico,  USA","jobLevel":"Senior","jobExcerpt":"We are looking for a senior data engineer to join our data and analytics team to help us build the next generation of our data platform and product. Together with the rest of the team, you will be responsible for the design and implementation of our data platform while also building data products for marketplaces,&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>We are looking for a senior data engineer to join our data and analytics team to help us build the next generation of our data platform and product. Together with the rest of the team, you will be responsible for the design and implementation of our data platform while also building data products for marketplaces, integrations and analytics. Your work will encompass the full spectrum of data engineering while also crossing over into areas of software and analytical engineering.<\/p>\n<p>You will report to Fleetio\u2019s Director of Data and Analytics and partner closely with our product and engineering teams as well as other internal stakeholders. This is an exciting opportunity to join a growing data-first company and push the boundaries of the modern data stack and deliver data products to our customers in new and exciting ways.<\/p>\n<p>A little about us\u2026 Fleetio is a modern software platform that helps thousands of organizations around the world manage their fleet operations. Transportation technology is a hot market and we\u2019re leading the charge, with raving fans and new customers signing up every day. We raised $144M in Series C in June of 2023 and are on an exciting trajectory as a company.<\/p>\n<h2>Who you are:<\/h2>\n<p>The ideal candidate for this role is business savvy, senior-level data engineer with experience owning and building complex data platforms and pipelines. You have a deep understanding of the data modeling, data warehousing and modern data platforms. You have experience with not just data, but back-end or full-stack development and have worked on true customer-facing products. You possess strong, but loosely held opinions about design patterns, architecture and modeling. You are passionate about solving business challenges with data and take pride in implementing scalable solutions. You have the skills to translate ambiguous and non-technical asks to specific technical tasks and deliver it incrementally . You are product-minded and team-oriented, willing to hear others&#8217; opinions and educate on best practices. You have excellent communication skills (particularly written).<\/p>\n<h2>Your impact:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Enable and scale self-serve analytics for all Fleetio team members. You&#8217;ll architect clean data sets by modeling data and metrics via tools like dbt to empower employees to make data-driven decisions with accurate information.<\/li>\n<li>Develop data destinations, custom integrations and maintain open source packages that allow our customers to easily integrate Fleetio data with the modern data stack.<\/li>\n<li>Maintain and develop custom data pipelines from operational source systems to our data platform for both streaming and batch sources.<\/li>\n<li>Work on development of our internal data infrastructure stack. Improve the hygiene and integrity of our data platform and ancillary tools by maintaining and monitoring the ELT pipeline.<\/li>\n<li>Architect, design and implement core components of our data platform beyond the traditional warehouse to include data observability, experimentation, data science and other data products.<\/li>\n<li>Develop and maintain streaming data pipelines from a variety of databases and data sources<\/li>\n<li>Collaborate with other Fleetians around the company to understand data needs and ensure required data is collected, modeled, and available to team members.<\/li>\n<li>Document best practices and coach\/advise other data analysts, product managers, engineers, etc. on data modeling, SQL query optimization &amp; reusability, etc. Keep our data platform tidy by managing roles and permissions and deprecating old projects.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Your experience:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>5+ years experience working in a data engineering or data-focused software engineering role.<\/li>\n<li>Experience transforming raw data into clean models using standard tools of the modern data stack and deep understanding of ELT and data modeling concepts.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with streaming data and pipelines such as kafka or kinesis.<\/li>\n<li>Proficiency in python and proven track record of delivering production-ready python applications.<\/li>\n<li>Experience in designing, building, and administering modern data pipelines and data warehouses<\/li>\n<li>Experience with dbt.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with semantic layers like cube or metricflow.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with Snowflake, BigQuery, or Redshift.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with version control tools such as Github or Gitlab.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with ELT tools such as Stitch or Fivetran.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with orchestration tools such as Prefect or Dagster.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with CI\/CD and IaaC tooling such as github Actions and Terraform.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with business intelligence solutions (Metabase, Looker, Tableau, Periscope, Mode)<\/li>\n<li>Experience with serverless cloud functions (AWS Lambda, Google Cloud Functions, etc.)<\/li>\n<li>Excellent communication and project management skills with a customer service focused mindset.<\/li>\n<li>Be sure to mention &#8220;coffee&#8221; in your application so we know you read this<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Considered a plus:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Experience with data marketplaces\/private sharing technologies such as snowflake marketplace or AWS data exchange (preferred).<\/li>\n<li>Experience contributing to open-source projects (preferred).<\/li>\n<li>Experience with full-stack engineering.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Benefits:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Multiple health\/dental coverage options<\/li>\n<li>Vision insurance<\/li>\n<li>Incentive stock options<\/li>\n<li>401(k) match of 4%<\/li>\n<li>PTO &#8211; 4 weeks<\/li>\n<li>12 company holidays + 2 floating holidays<\/li>\n<li>Parental leave- birthing parent (12 weeks paid) non-birthing (4 weeks)<\/li>\n<li>FSA &amp; HSA options<\/li>\n<li>Short and long term disability (short term 100% paid)<\/li>\n<li>Community service funds<\/li>\n<li>Professional development funds<\/li>\n<li>Wellbeing fund &#8211; $150 quarterly<\/li>\n<li>Business expense stipend- $125 quarterly<\/li>\n<li>Mac laptop + new hire equipment stipend<\/li>\n<li>Monthly catered lunches<\/li>\n<li>Fully stocked kitchen with tons of drinks &amp;\u00a0snacks<\/li>\n<li>Remote working friendly since 2012 #LI-REMOTE<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p><em>Fleetio provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need.<\/em><\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-16 03:07:33"},{"id":111613,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/111613-customer-support-specialist-mandarin","jobSlug":"111613-customer-support-specialist-mandarin","jobTitle":"Customer Support Specialist, Mandarin","companyName":"Deel","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/01\/282df8b52b60f8a324714ffa21cb4ed5.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Customer Success"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"APAC","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"A 30-mile hiring radius should no longer dictate how companies hire because exceptional talent lives everywhere. Deel sees a world without hiring borders and endless talent that pairs perfect candidates with great companies. We offer global teams all the tools they need to hire, onboard, manage, pay, and scale at full speed. We aim to&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>A 30-mile hiring radius should no longer dictate how companies hire because exceptional talent lives everywhere. Deel sees a world without hiring borders and endless talent that pairs perfect candidates with great companies.<\/p>\n<p>We offer global teams all the tools they need to hire, onboard, manage, pay, and scale at full speed. We aim to foster a diverse global economy by building a generational platform that seamlessly connects companies with talent worldwide.<\/p>\n<p>After our successful Series D in 2021, we raised another $50M in 2023, doubling our valuation to $12B. There\u2019s never been a more exciting time to join Deel \u2014 the international payroll and compliance market leader.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Key Responsibilities:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Holding high levels of professionalism and Deel product knowledge<\/li>\n<li>Using a consultative and empathetic approach in delivering customer support resulting in positive customer experience<\/li>\n<li>Efficiently work through tickets via voice calls, live chats, email and social media channels<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrate strong ownership in issue resolution by providing best efforts to investigate, share knowledge, and communicate clearly with all customers<\/li>\n<li>Continually learn the Deel platform, keeping up to date with product features and changes<\/li>\n<li>Open communication with internal team members and business operations to help optimize and support workflows<\/li>\n<li>Specialize in different account topics and become a subject matter expert<\/li>\n<li>Communicating with customers through various channels (includes, but not limited to chat, email, phone, hangouts etc).<\/li>\n<li>Processing orders, forms, applications, and requests.<\/li>\n<li>Deliver efficient troubleshooting and query resolution.<\/li>\n<li>Identify, qualify and overcome customer objections.<\/li>\n<li>Keeping records of customer interactions, transactions, comments, and complaints.<\/li>\n<li>Providing feedback on the efficiency of the customer service process.<\/li>\n<li>Meet deadlines in a fast paced environment.<\/li>\n<li>Manage and exceed multiple performance related targets.<\/li>\n<li>Participate in on-going product training and process upskilling.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Experience and skills required:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Preferred experience in BPO, Call Centres or Customer Facing Teams<\/li>\n<li>Fluent in both written and verbal English and Mandarin<\/li>\n<li>Ability to work across multiple platforms, providing customer support using voice calls, live chats, email and social media<\/li>\n<li>Have an \u201cOutcome oriented mindset\u201d with the quick ability to research and investigate<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrated high ability in providing customer satisfaction through empathy and problem solving<\/li>\n<li>Have previously embraced remote work, capable of working independently and self-motivated<\/li>\n<li>Experience working within a Global SaaS company would be highly regarded<\/li>\n<li>Zendesk experience is preferred<\/li>\n<li>Participate in on-going product training and process upskilling.<\/li>\n<li>Use initiative in identifying trends and\/or process improvements.<\/li>\n<li>Being adherent and flexible to internal processes and procedures.<\/li>\n<li>Being open-minded and willing to accept feedback, whether positive or constructive.<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrate exceptional proactiveness, seamlessly collaborates with team members, and take full ownership of tasks to drive efficient and successful outcomes.<\/li>\n<li>Collaborate with the direct manager to resolve customer escalations within the agreed timeline. Communicating and coordinating with colleagues as necessary.<\/li>\n<li>This is a Contractor position. The Contrator may be requested to provide their services during non-core business hours throughout the week, including during evenings.<\/li>\n<li>At Deel we work at Deel Speed and your job duties may change to occasionally accommodate changing business needs.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Total Rewards<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>Our workforce deserves fair and competitive pay that meets them where they are. With scalable benefits, rewards, and perks, our total rewards programs reflect our commitment to inclusivity and access for all.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Some things you\u2019ll enjoy<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Provided computer equipment tailored to your role<\/li>\n<li>Stock grant opportunities dependent on your role, employment status and location<\/li>\n<li>Additional perks and benefits based on your employment status and country<\/li>\n<li>The flexibility of remote work, including WeWork access where available<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>At Deel, we\u2019re an equal-opportunity employer that values diversity and positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of\u00a0 race, religion, sex, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, pregnancy or maternity or other applicable legally protected characteristics.<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-16 03:07:05"},{"id":110730,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/110730-senior-people-partner","jobSlug":"110730-senior-people-partner","jobTitle":"Senior People Partner","companyName":"DuckDuckGo","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/11\/ab8415dd5798a360323ce06beaf30c35.png","jobIndustry":["HR &amp; Recruiting"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Anywhere","jobLevel":"Senior","jobExcerpt":"Our browsers and extensions have been downloaded over 250 million times with our built-in private search engine, which has seen over 100 billion searches and is the 2nd largest search engine on mobile in the United States and 20 other countries, including the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, Poland, Italy, and Spain. Our private search engine&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>Our browsers and extensions have been downloaded over 250 million times with our built-in private search engine, which has seen over 100 billion searches and is the 2nd largest search engine on mobile in the United States and 20 other countries, including the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, Poland, Italy, and Spain. Our private search engine is also 3rd in market share in the U.S. and over 15 major markets. Oh, and we&#8217;ve been profitable since 2014, with annual revenue exceeding $100 million!<\/p>\n<p>The DuckDuckGo browser\u2019s uniquely comprehensive privacy protections are used by tens of millions of people to protect their everyday online activities on\u00a0Mac,\u00a0Windows,\u00a0iOS, and\u00a0Android, from searching to browsing, emailing, and more. We also offer\u00a0Privacy Pro, a three-in-one subscription service that includes a VPN, Personal Information Removal, and Identity Theft Restoration.<\/p>\n<p>We\u2019re looking for a Senior People Partner to help shape our all-in-one privacy solution and join our mission to show the world that protecting your privacy online can be simple.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>The Opportunity:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>In this role, you will leverage your empathy, critical thinking, and wealth of experience to empower individuals and teams across DuckDuckGo to achieve our goals.<\/p>\n<p>Our People Ops organization is hands-on and committed to working closely with team members across DuckDuckGo to support and meet the organization&#8217;s evolving requirements as we scale. You&#8217;ll provide guidance through high-touch performance management, which will require you to constantly learn about new domains in order to provide exceptional support. You&#8217;ll apply this same quality bar to your support of Functional Teams as they navigate the changes that come with a scaling tech organization.<\/p>\n<p>DuckDuckGo operates on a distributed leadership model that will ask you to question your assumptions and creatively apply your knowledge in forward-thinking ways to serve the team as you identify and execute projects to serve the organization. We&#8217;ve got team members in 20+ countries working on unique challenges in online privacy, and the People Operations team provides them with the support they need to succeed.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>What You Will Bring to DuckDuckGo:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>7+ years of People Operations experience working in a tech-driven organization, with deep experience in HRBP activities, including professional development, performance management, organizational behavior, employee relations, DEI, and labor law and compliance.<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrated ability to effectively resolve complex engagement, performance, and employee relations issues with discretion, humanity, and critical thinking.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to adapt an HR Business Partner mindset to a distributed environment and identify the highest impact ways to partner with our teams.<\/li>\n<li>Pragmatic and analytical, with a proven track record of creating data-driven projects, process improvements, and substantive change within high-growth organizations.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to lead and collaborate on high-impact and complex projects from proposal through postmortem.<\/li>\n<li>Skills to wrangle vague problems, propose innovative solutions, and execute them with a strong focus on metrics.<\/li>\n<li>Proven conflict resolution skills and keen emotional intelligence.<\/li>\n<li>Exceptional verbal and written communication skills.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>How We Will Support You:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>Our core values &#8212; build trust, question assumptions, and validate direction &#8212; underpin how we work day-to-day and the support we give our team members. We strive to empower our team members to be self-directed and self-motivated in their work.<\/p>\n<ul>\n<li><strong>Remote First, Always<\/strong>: We&#8217;ve always been a fully distributed company with team members all over the world. We trust you to get your work done wherever, and whenever.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Commitment to Personal Growth:<\/strong>\u00a0Every team member has an annual budget of $1,250 USD to invest in their professional development. \u00a0Every team member also has a dedicated Career Advisor, who serves as a guide to help you develop your strengths, identify your motivations, and understand your opportunities for growth.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Leadership:<\/strong>\u00a0We have many different types of leaders and possible combinations of leadership roles, so you can grow your career in a way that aligns best with your personal goals. You can seek additional leadership roles by being directly responsible for projects, taking ownership of areas of the company, developing and maintaining internal processes, or pursuing advisory roles.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Work\/Life Balance:\u00a0<\/strong>Team members have the freedom and flexibility to organize their own work schedules. We want you to thrive both in and out of the office. We trust you to use good judgment and take the time off that you need to bring your best self to work.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Compensation:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>Annual compensation: $176,000 USD and stock options. Compensation is the same within a professional level, regardless of geographic location or functional area, and the compensation for each professional level is transparent across the organization.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>DuckDuckGo provides equal work opportunities to all team members and applicants<u>,<\/u>\u00a0and it prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, caste, religion, age, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by our policies or federal, state, or local laws.<\/p>\n<p>If you think you might thrive in this environment, we would love to hear from you.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Please note that:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Sometimes we meet up! Expect to travel at least two times a year: once for our all-hands meetup and again for a team retreat (each around 4-5 days). While extenuating circumstances may impact attendance, everyone is strongly encouraged to attend.<\/li>\n<li>While we offer a flexible work arrangement with no core hours, expect an average full-time commitment of 40 hours per week.<\/li>\n<li>A successful candidate will be subject to a background check and must receive satisfactory results of the same, as a condition of joining the team.<\/li>\n<li>By applying for this role, you confirm that all information submitted is accurate and complete. You further acknowledge that providing false or fraudulent information during the application process is cause for denial of an offer, revocation of any existing offer, or other adverse action, up to and including termination after the start of your commencement of work.<\/li>\n<\/ul>","pubDate":"2024-10-16 03:04:06","annualSalaryMin":"176000","annualSalaryMax":"","salaryCurrency":"USD"},{"id":111598,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/111598-growth-manager-3","jobSlug":"111598-growth-manager-3","jobTitle":"Growth Manager","companyName":"Awesome Motive","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/01\/b8e354b088bd65fd9f299af4f4bc1706.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Marketing &amp; Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Anywhere","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"We are Awesome Motive, the company behind popular web apps and business tools like All in One SEO (AIOSEO), OptinMonster, MonsterInsights, WPForms, and many others. Over 25 million websites use our tools to get more traffic, subscribers, and sales. We&#8217;re passionate about helping Small Businesses Grow &amp; Compete with the Big Guys, and we believe&#8230;","jobDescription":"<section class=\"styles--3vx-H\" aria-labelledby=\"job-description-title\" data-ui=\"job-description\">\n<div>\n<p>We are Awesome Motive, the company behind popular web apps and business tools like All in One SEO (AIOSEO), OptinMonster, MonsterInsights, WPForms, and many others. Over 25 million websites use our tools to get more traffic, subscribers, and sales. We&#8217;re passionate about helping Small Businesses Grow &amp; Compete with the Big Guys, and we believe marketing plays a crucial role in delivering on that promise.<\/p>\n<p>This is your chance to join a dynamic team and lead strategic initiatives across marketing channels to acquire, engage, and retain users. You&#8217;ll wear many hats \u2013 strategist, analyst, campaign champion \u2013 all aimed at one goal: accelerating our growth to reach more small businesses.<\/p>\n<h2>To love this role, here\u2019s the type of person you are:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>You can leverage imperfect data to create and execute winning digital marketing campaigns and funnels.<\/li>\n<li>You\u2019re extremely self-driven and curious to find creative answers to complex questions.<\/li>\n<li>You\u2019re comfortable seeing the big picture and how the small details get you there.<\/li>\n<li>You love to create systems, tools, and processes for others where they don\u2019t already exist.<\/li>\n<li>You have a passion for digital marketing and customer acquisition.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Common responsibilities include (but are not limited to):<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Utilize Content Marketing, Email and SMS Marketing, Pay Per Click, Sponsorships, Affiliates and Partnerships, Social Media, and Freemium Software to grow new sales.<\/li>\n<li>Strategize, plan, and implement both long and short-term processes to meet targets, emphasizing priorities in process development and documentation.<\/li>\n<li>Facilitate data-driven decision-making by collecting, analyzing, interpreting, and visualizing data, providing actionable insights, and promoting data literacy within the organization.<\/li>\n<li>Directly manage a team of growth professionals, including independently making decisions to ensure team performance &amp; cohesion.<\/li>\n<li>Design and implement website A\/B tests to improve conversion rates and funnel performance.<\/li>\n<li>Conceptualize and build new targeted landing pages for various channels and users.<\/li>\n<li>Provide conversion-focused copywriting feedback and suggestions for newsletters, customer-facing websites, our apps and plugins, and ad copy.<\/li>\n<li>Strategize and execute high-visibility promotions across all digital marketing channels.<\/li>\n<li>Research competitor&#8217;s UI\/UX trends and work with the team to articulate new features\/ideas to help us remain competitive.<\/li>\n<li>Control qualified traffic to our website by designing and executing strategies to improve our search engine rankings.<\/li>\n<li>Develop and execute an outbound marketing strategy to complement our existing inbound strengths.<\/li>\n<li>Maintain in-depth familiarity with growth-related procedures and workflows.<\/li>\n<li>Respond promptly to growth team members&#8217; queries and escalations.<\/li>\n<li>Uphold and promote the core values of Awesome Motive.<\/li>\n<li>Conduct research before escalating issues and proactively identify trends and process improvements.<\/li>\n<li>Provide oversight for PPC campaigns, PPC keyword research, and program ROAS.<\/li>\n<li>Provide oversight for Affiliate Marketing and Partnerships.<\/li>\n<li>Directly supervise the work of content marketing team members.<\/li>\n<li>Assist in crafting better internal processes and systems by documenting the work of the Growth team.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/section>\n<section class=\"styles--3vx-H\" aria-labelledby=\"job-requirements-title\" data-ui=\"job-requirements\">\n<h2 id=\"job-requirements-title\">Requirements<\/h2>\n<div>\n<ul>\n<li>Relevant experience:\u00a0 With over 4 years of experience in growth marketing for product-led\/ freemium SaaS, ideally in the B2B\/SMB space, you have achieved direct business growth impact through successful growth initiatives.<\/li>\n<li>SEO &amp; Content Marketing: You are well-versed in best practices for SEO in marketing site content, including blog posts. You are fluent in other commonly used tools such as Semrush, Clearscope, and Ahrefs.<\/li>\n<li>Copywriting: You have strong personal experience with copywriting, as well as leading and reviewing the work of copywriters. Your expertise in hiring and managing copywriters will be invaluable.<\/li>\n<li>Email Marketing: You can demonstrate and teach best practices within email marketing, from crafting individual emails to creating complete targeted campaigns and evaluating effectiveness to drive improvement over time. You must have personally written and iterated upon multiple email campaigns for SaaS products.<\/li>\n<li>CRO \/ Funnels \/ Testing &amp; Optimization: You must have expertise in best practices for SaaS products. Knowledge and experience in pricing page tests, countdown timers, popups, etc, is required.<\/li>\n<li>PPC \/ Paid Advertising: You have experience in Google Ads, Facebook Ads, and Google Search Console for PPC<\/li>\n<li>Affiliates &amp; Partnerships: You know how to build and maintain partnership relationships. You have managed an affiliate program.<\/li>\n<li>Data &amp; Analytics: You are experienced in using GA (preferably GA4), and digital marketing channels.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p><strong>Bonus points if you also have:<\/strong><\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>You have experience working in the admin area of self-hosted WordPress sites as a site owner\/developer\/etc.<\/li>\n<li>You have experience with support specifically for WordPress.<\/li>\n<li>You have trained managers and had managers as direct reports.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/section>\n<section class=\"styles--3vx-H\" aria-labelledby=\"job-benefits-title\" data-ui=\"job-benefits\">\n<h2 id=\"job-benefits-title\">Benefits<\/h2>\n<div>\n<p>Working for a fast-growing bootstrapped company is a rare opportunity, one we consider a lifestyle choice rather than a job choice. Our positions are challenging, but also come with amazing advantages and fulfillment to those who earn them. Here\u2019s what we offer.<\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>Competitive Salary.<\/li>\n<li>Term Life Insurance and Accidental Death &amp; Dismemberment for all full-time team members during their employment.<\/li>\n<li>Health, Dental, and Vision Insurance benefits for full-time U.S. employees.<\/li>\n<li>Health Insurance benefits for all employees in India, Pakistan, Brazil, Philippines, Ukraine, Poland, Romania, Nepal, Kenya, Mexico, Nigeria, Spain &amp; Jamaica.<\/li>\n<li>Work from your home. We\u2019re spread out all over the world \u2013 United States, Canada, Ukraine, India, Pakistan, Singapore, and more.<\/li>\n<li>Flexible PTO after 90 days of employment. We encourage employees to take the time they need for a vacation, stay healthy, and spend time with friends and family.<\/li>\n<li>Holidays (based on your location).<\/li>\n<li>Paid maternity and paternity leave.<\/li>\n<li>We happily provide or reimburse software you\u2019ll need as well as books or courses that promote continued learning.<\/li>\n<li>We cover all costs of company travel (including our annual all-company retreat and mini-team meetups).<\/li>\n<li>Additional Perks include AM Welcome Box for new team members, Yearly Anniversary Gifts, and Technology Stipend each work anniversary.<\/li>\n<li>We give you the opportunity to solve challenging and meaningful problems that make a difference.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to work with some of the best people in the business through frequent, if not daily, interactions.<\/li>\n<li>And in case you were wondering: no politics, no b.s., and no jerks.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p><strong>Location\u00a0<\/strong>This is a remote position &#8211; our team is spread around the globe! Our home base is in Florida, USA, so company operating hours are 9am &#8211; 5pm ET (UTC -5). While full coverage is not a requirement, you must be available for a portion of the day.<\/p>\n<p><strong>Inclusion Statement\u00a0<\/strong>At Awesome Motive, we strive to have the broadest possible view of diversity, going beyond visible differences to include the background, experiences, skills, and perspectives that make each person unique. Awesome Motive is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law.<\/p>\n<p><strong>How to apply?\u00a0<\/strong>If all of this sounds interesting, then please submit your application!<\/p>\n<p><strong>Please clearly include the following in your cover letter:<\/strong><\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>Do you have experience in creating revenue impact through marketing?<\/li>\n<li>Do you have experience in directly managing teams?<\/li>\n<li>Do you have a minimum of 3 years of experience in SaaS marketing?<\/li>\n<li>What is your proficiency level (from 1 to 5, 5 highest) in programmatic SEO? Share an example of the impact created.<\/li>\n<li>What is your proficiency in GA4?<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/section>","pubDate":"2024-10-15 12:21:32"},{"id":71475,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/71475-client-success-manager-7","jobSlug":"71475-client-success-manager-7","jobTitle":"Client Support Representative","companyName":"Luxury Presence","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/05\/f2b241fb769140fff2f70e8efaf5c0ff.jpg","jobIndustry":["Customer Success"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"Luxury Presence\u00a0is the fastest-growing digital platform for agents, teams, and brokerages. Our award-winning real estate websites, modern marketing solutions, and AI-powered mobile platform help agents attract more business, work more efficiently, and serve our clients. Since launching in 2016, Luxury Presence has been trusted by over 50,000 real estate professionals, including over 20 Wall Street&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>Luxury Presence\u00a0is the fastest-growing digital platform for agents, teams, and brokerages. Our award-winning real estate websites, modern marketing solutions, and AI-powered mobile platform help agents attract more business, work more efficiently, and serve our clients. Since launching in 2016, Luxury Presence has been trusted by over 50,000 real estate professionals, including over 20 Wall Street Journal Top 100 agents.<\/p>\n<p>We\u2019re looking for a Client Support Representative to join our talented and growing Support team. Our clients are some of the top real estate agents in the world and as a Client Support Representative at Luxury Presence, you\u2019ll be positioned to help them maintain their online presence, the home base for their businesses.<\/p>\n<p>In this position, you\u2019ll be counted on to provide guidance, education, and solutions to your clients. To be successful, you\u2019ll need to practice empathy, quick-thinking, and an understanding of web development, real estate, and digital media. Most importantly, you\u2019ll be a partner to our clients as they grow their businesses.<\/p>\n<p><strong>*** Must be willing to work 9am-6pm PST ***<\/strong><\/p>\n<h2>Essential functions of the role include:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Live chatting with clients to assist them in real time<\/li>\n<li>Answering incoming calls to resolve client questions and returning voicemails<\/li>\n<li>Emailing with clients and providing them with frequent updates<\/li>\n<li>Reporting technical issues to the product team<\/li>\n<li>Supporting and assisting your teammates<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>You\u2019re gifted at:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Commanding software e.g. Salesforce<\/li>\n<li>Building beautiful websites<\/li>\n<li>Leading customers through software training<\/li>\n<li>Communicating complicated technology to clients with expertise ranging from novice to advanced<\/li>\n<li>Being a team player<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>You have:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>2-5+ years of experience working in customer service; website or real estate experience a plus<\/li>\n<li>A deep sense of empathy for customers<\/li>\n<li>The ability to be an out-of-the-box thinker and be resourceful<\/li>\n<li>The drive to solve client problems with a high degree of quality and efficiency<\/li>\n<li>A can-do attitude and brings positive energy to every task and interaction<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>You command:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Teaching and helping customers<\/li>\n<li>Curiosity: you love to dig into problems and find solutions<\/li>\n<li>Start-up hustle &amp; teamwork<\/li>\n<li>Project management<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>$21.63 &#8211; $24 an hour<\/p>\n<p>Plus a 20% bonus divided and paid out in quarters based on performance.<\/p>\n<p>Who we are: Luxury Presence is the real estate industry&#8217;s most powerful marketing platform, providing award winning websites and cutting edge tech to the world\u2019s top agents.<\/p>\n<p>Founded in 2016 by Stanford Business School alumni Malte Kramer, Luxury Presence currently serves over 50,000 agents in the U.S. and Canada with its SaaS model \u2014 including over 20 of the top 100 WSJ real estate agents and teams. In addition, Luxury Presence is the official website partner to some of the industry&#8217;s most powerful brokerages.<\/p>\n<p>The Los Angeles-based SaaS company raised $25.9 million for its Series B round and recently announced $19.2M Series B-1. Bessemer Venture Partners led the round alongside fellow existing investors Toba Capital and Switch Ventures. Former Dallas Mavericks basketball player Dirk Nowitzki also participated in the round, along with other angel investors.<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-15 03:48:29"},{"id":106303,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/106303-senior-software-architect","jobSlug":"106303-senior-software-architect","jobTitle":"Software Implementation Consultant - Rapid Services","companyName":"PointClickCare","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/02\/94d5c7bae5858d7e126022ed422c639c.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Technical Support"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Canada","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"As part of the Professional Services, the Software Implementation Consultant (Rapid Services) will act as the principal liaison with the customer to implement best practices to drive optimized business outcomes for the customer within the Long-Term and Post-Acute Care (LTPAC) settings. The Consultant will be diligent, customer focused, agile, transparent and a strong communicator. This&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>As part of the Professional Services, the Software Implementation Consultant (Rapid Services) will act as the principal liaison with the customer to implement best practices to drive optimized business outcomes for the customer within the Long-Term and Post-Acute Care (LTPAC) settings. The Consultant will be diligent, customer focused, agile, transparent and a strong communicator. This individual will build relationships with our customers to become the trusted advisor and counsel them on our solutions and recommended business practices. The successful candidate will lead an in-depth analysis of the customers\u2019 desired business process, operations and practices and provides recommendation for solution configuration and enhanced business practices. The applicant should expect up to 30% on site travel to customer sites and regional meetings.<br \/>\nThe Consultant (Rapid Services) will report to the Manager, Professional Services.<br \/>\nConsultant (Rapid Services) are primarily responsible for single resources delivery of small to mid-sized projects with low to medium complexity. From planning to go live, you will work independently to guide our clients through their implementation experience.<\/p>\n<h2><b>Key Responsibilities<\/b><\/h2>\n<h3>Project Management<\/h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Lead multiple concurrent small to mid-size implementation projects.<\/li>\n<li>Manage full scope delivery, including project budgeting, technical delivery, and post go-live support.<\/li>\n<li>Exercise full autonomy and ownership of the project roster.<\/li>\n<li>Proactively anticipate, identify, and communicate issues, risks, and escalations with the project team to ensure an exceptional customer experience and successful implementation.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h3>Consulting<\/h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Facilitate enhancement gathering sessions with clients to identify business objectives.<\/li>\n<li>Advise clients on the project approach and articulate the impact of changes to project timelines and resources.<\/li>\n<li>Establish and maintain strong customer relationships through excellent communication and collaboration skills.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h3>Configure<\/h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Configure client applications, reports, and dashboards.<\/li>\n<li>Understand product release and patch processes, planning for potential client impact accordingly.<\/li>\n<li>Develop and maintain expertise in multiple product offerings, understanding end-to-end solutions and product value outcomes.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h3>Training<\/h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Develop and deliver onsite\/remote train-the-trainer sessions based on adult learning principles and best practices to address client needs.<\/li>\n<li>Coordinate training sessions, including scheduling participants, and required resources.<\/li>\n<li>Provide feedback and recommendations for improvements to training processes and program curriculum development.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Your onboarding<\/h2>\n<p>Within 1 month, you will<\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>Participate in Corporate onboarding &#8211; Learn about PointClickCare, our history, and our values.<\/li>\n<li>Participate in Departmental onboarding &#8211; Learn our software, our methodology and how you fit into the organization.<\/li>\n<li>Work with a peer Buddy &#8211; Gain mentorship through your onboarding programs and beyond. Learn the ins and outs from someone who does your job.<\/li>\n<li>1:1s &#8211; Meet the entire team, leadership, and people in supporting teams. Make friends and gain rapport and connections.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>Within 2 months, you will:<\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>Achieve key Departmental onboarding landmarks successfully &#8211; Learn our key modules and get ready to be client facing!<\/li>\n<li>Start a project! With the support of your Buddy, Manager, and the entire team!<\/li>\n<li>Take on other ad-hoc client facing or behind the scenes client work.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>Within 4 months, you will:<\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>Be on your way to being fully ramped up with multiple projects and role specific critical metrics and targets.<\/li>\n<li>Grow your knowledge &#8211; Learn more PointClickCare modules and features.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>Within 1 year, you will:<\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>Lead a full roster of projects throughout the entire project cycle.<\/li>\n<li>Guide customers towards standard processes<\/li>\n<li>Achieve positive customer feedback.<\/li>\n<li>Become a Buddy &#8211; Pay it forward and help the next generation learn and grow in the role.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Experience<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Passion for delivering an exceptional customer experience.<\/li>\n<li>Consulting experience in software implementation, workflow analysis, recommendation development and measuring business outcomes.<\/li>\n<li>Healthcare industry experience nice to have.<\/li>\n<li>Proven ability to take accountability for a project, demonstrating initiative, and delivering on commitments to ensure customer objectives are met.<\/li>\n<li>The ability to quickly learn new concepts and technologies and convert them into customer solution value.<\/li>\n<li>Undergraduate degree or equivalent work experience in technology preferred<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p><i>At\u00a0PointClickCare, base salary is one of the many components that make up our total rewards package.\u00a0The Canada base salary range\u00a0for this position is $72,000 &#8211; $77,000 + bonus or commission + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by\u00a0job and level. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the target for new hire salaries for the position across all Canada\u00a0locations. Within the range, individual compensation is determined by job-related skills and knowledge, relevant experience\u00a0including professional and lived experience, and\/or work location. Your recruiter can share more information about our\u00a0total rewards package during the hiring process.&lt;\/i<\/i><\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-15 03:41:17","annualSalaryMin":"72000","annualSalaryMax":"77000","salaryCurrency":"CAD"},{"id":110715,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/110715-ui-ux-designer-3","jobSlug":"110715-ui-ux-designer-3","jobTitle":"UI UX Designer","companyName":"Files.com","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/06\/918df61d22e8170f1166fb6e010aaa9a.jpg","jobIndustry":["Design &amp; Creative"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Anywhere","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"At Files.com, we build technology so businesses can manage file transfer and security at scale. We are private equity backed, profitable, and lead our industry in terms of revenue per employee. This means that each and every team member is able to have a high degree of direct responsibility and impact. We are a SaaS,&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>At Files.com, we build technology so businesses can manage file transfer and security at scale. We are private equity backed, profitable, and lead our industry in terms of revenue per employee. This means that each and every team member is able to have a high degree of direct responsibility and impact.<\/p>\n<p>We are a SaaS, Cloud-Based Managed File Transfer platform that enables organizations to securely transfer, share, and store files between users, teams, and organizations.<\/p>\n<h2>World Class Pay and Benefits:<\/h2>\n<p>Earn a &#8220;Bay Area&#8221; Salary from Anywhere. Our pay is competitive with the top software companies in the world, with generous base salary plus equity compensation.<\/p>\n<p>Big Company Benefits: You&#8217;ll get full  Health\/Dental\/Vision Insurance coverage (plus 75% of Spouse\/Family coverage too),  401(k) with generous matching, 11 Company Holidays per year, and  20 PTO\/Vacation days, plus we give employees off for Winter Break at the end of the year!<\/p>\n<p>Company Macbook Pro and $1,000: We&#8217;ll send you a company issued contemporary Macbook Pro as well as $1,000 sign-on bonus as a welcome to Files.com.<\/p>\n<p>Tight-Knit Fun-Loving Team: You will be joining a fun-loving team that works together very closely, despite the remote work environment.<\/p>\n<h2>About the Role:<\/h2>\n<p>Our apps and marketing websites are driven by a modern frontend React and Gatsby-based stack. In this position, you will build new designs and improve existing flows, working directly in React, Figma, and other design tools. Your work at Files.com would be used by hundreds of thousands of corporate users.<\/p>\n<h2>UI\/UX Designer Responsibilities:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Skilled at creating interaction design solutions<\/li>\n<li>Understand primary personas of the product and map to their use of the product<\/li>\n<li>Gathering and evaluating user requirements, in collaboration with product managers and engineers specific to platform UX<\/li>\n<li>Design user journeys across functions from concept to production ready with design tools (Figma)<\/li>\n<li>Create prototypes and wireframes<\/li>\n<li>Design graphic user interface elements which will be uniformly used across the product: e.g: menus, tabs, tables, and widgets<\/li>\n<li>Illustrate design ideas using storyboards, process flows and sitemaps<\/li>\n<li>Conduct concept and usability testing and gather feedback<\/li>\n<li>Resolve design-related issues in the app and marketing site by writing JSX and advanced CSS directly in a branch<\/li>\n<li>Document component-level UI in our Storybook.js<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Qualifications:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>5+ years of design and development experience for a software solution<\/li>\n<li>Strong experience in design tools like Figma or Adobe XD, Adobe Suite, Sketch<\/li>\n<li>Proficient in Web development including HTML, JS, CSS, React.js<\/li>\n<li>Skilled at creating interaction design solutions<\/li>\n<li>Strong visual design skills, able to create compelling, branded, high-fidelity product screens<\/li>\n<li>Familiar working with design systems that consistently scale across platforms<\/li>\n<li>Experience in designing systems and tools to enable cross team interactions and collaboration<\/li>\n<li>Hands-on experience designing SaaS and B2B applications<\/li>\n<li>Creative problem solving and analytical skills with ability to synthesize ideas into tangible solutions for design<\/li>\n<li>Strong portfolio of design projects<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>Show us a great resume! We are eager to see the design decisions you make when representing yourself!<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-15 03:25:39"},{"id":111591,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/111591-senior-marketing-designer-core","jobSlug":"111591-senior-marketing-designer-core","jobTitle":"Senior Marketing Designer - Core","companyName":"Shopify","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2020\/09\/WRILS-200909175401-484443.jpg","jobIndustry":["Design &amp; Creative"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Anywhere","jobLevel":"Senior","jobExcerpt":"Moving at our pace brings a lot of change, complexity, and ambiguity\u2014and a little bit of chaos. Shopifolk thrive on that and are comfortable being uncomfortable. That means Shopify is not the right place for everyone. Before you apply, consider if you can: Care deeply about what you do and about making commerce better for&#8230;","jobDescription":"<section class=\"overflow-hidden relative px-[6%] py-11 lg:px-28 border-b border-black border-solid lg:border-l lg:border-r\">\n<div>\n<div class=\"\">\n<div class=\"md:text-lg text-base space-y-4\">\n<div class=\"richtext\">\n<p>Moving at our pace brings a lot of change, complexity, and ambiguity\u2014and a little bit of chaos. Shopifolk thrive on that and are comfortable being uncomfortable. That means Shopify is not the right place for everyone.<\/p>\n<\/div>\n<p>Before you apply, consider if you can:<\/p>\n<ul class=\"list-disc ml-8\">\n<li>Care deeply about what you do and about making commerce better for everyone<\/li>\n<li>Excel by seeking professional and personal hypergrowth<\/li>\n<li>Keep up with an unrelenting pace (the week, not the quarter)<\/li>\n<li>Be resilient and resourceful in face of ambiguity and thrive on (rather than endure) change<\/li>\n<li>Bring critical thought and opinion<\/li>\n<li>Embrace differences and disagreement to get shit done and move forward<\/li>\n<li>Work digital-first for your daily work<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<\/section>\n<section class=\"overflow-hidden relative px-[6%] py-11 lg:px-28 border-b border-black border-solid lg:border-l lg:border-r\">\n<div>\n<div class=\"\">\n<h2 class=\"font-extrabold text-[1.625rem] mb-1\">About the role<\/h2>\n<div class=\"md:text-lg text-base space-y-4\">\n<div class=\"[&amp;&gt;ol]:list-disc [&amp;&gt;ol]:pl-8 [&amp;&gt;ul]:list-disc [&amp;&gt;ul]:ml-8 [&amp;&gt;p]:mb-5 [&amp;&gt;ul]:mb-5\" style=\"border: 0px solid #e5e7eb; box-sizing: border-box; --tw-border-spacing-x: 0; --tw-border-spacing-y: 0; --tw-translate-x: 0; --tw-translate-y: 0; --tw-rotate: 0; --tw-skew-x: 0; --tw-skew-y: 0; --tw-scale-x: 1; --tw-scale-y: 1; --tw-scroll-snap-strictness: proximity; --tw-ring-offset-width: 0px; --tw-ring-offset-color: #fff; --tw-ring-color: rgba(59,130,246,.5); --tw-ring-offset-shadow: 0 0 #0000; --tw-ring-shadow: 0 0 #0000; --tw-shadow: 0 0 #0000; --tw-shadow-colored: 0 0 #0000;\">\n<p>Shopify&#8217;s Core Creative team has an open seat for a Sr. Marketing Designer who will concept, build and lead world-class web experiences on\u00a0Shopify.com.<\/p>\n<p>This person will sweat every detail and elevate the design discipline at Shopify through their work, sharing in the stewardship of user experience across digital surfaces. The ideal candidate has exceptional web and visual design skills. Their portfolio showcases interactive experiences that make us wish we\u2019d made that work ourselves. Your role will center on designing engaging visual experiences that are both informative and inspiring for diverse audiences, with the aim of educating, motivating, and converting. They relish puzzling through how to communicate nuanced product stories for different audiences, and they\u2019re fired up about creating award-winning work that serves Shopify\u2019s customers and businesses everywhere. This is a crafter \/ individual contributor role.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Responsibilities\u00a0\u00a0<\/strong><\/h2>\n<h3><strong>What you\u2019ll do in the role:<\/strong><\/h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Independently design and support the build of modern, interactive and fluid webpages<\/li>\n<li>Convey ideas at all levels of fidelity from wireframes to rapid prototypes, to highly-polished comps<\/li>\n<li>Flex exceptionally strong visual and interactive design chops, maintaining craft excellence down to the pixel\/letter at all times. We\u2019re looking for excellence in design fundamentals.<\/li>\n<li>Develop and create visual design for marketing channels, including social media, email campaigns, and landing pages.<\/li>\n<li>Be a daily idea generator and help shape the future of creativity at Shopify through your work.<\/li>\n<li>Be obsessed with honing your craft, constantly staying on top of (and using!) emerging creative technologies<\/li>\n<li>Work on projects with high complexity in partnership with stakeholders and collaborators across all disciplines<\/li>\n<li>Work on multiple projects independently., maintaining a high level of craft excellence from start to finish<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrate strong storytelling and presentation skills, clearly articulating design decisions in service of project goals<\/li>\n<li>Be a team player and demonstrate stellar collaboration skills via working with a blended team of creatives and marketing partners<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h3><strong>What you\u2019ll need to be successful:<\/strong><\/h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Proven experience crafting stunning digital experiences and solving design challenges of all shapes and sizes. A must-see in your portfolio.<\/li>\n<li>Proven expertise and experience in the end-to-end iterative design process for creating web experience on desktop and mobile, including how to develop and use design research, journey mapping, wire-framing, prototyping, and creating high-fidelity interactive visual experiences.<\/li>\n<li>Experience in adapting work to perform across multiple contexts including SEO, brand, product marketing, paid media, and social channels.<\/li>\n<li>Experience being both a leader and hands-on designer on large-scale, complex initiatives<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrated experience and comfort with creative technologies, bringing a passion for building bold experiences with the assistance of generative AI<\/li>\n<li>A scrappy, resourceful approach to projects &#8211; you\u2019re proactive and require little to no guidance.<\/li>\n<li>Deep knowledge of design &amp; prototyping tools such as, but not limited to, Figma, GitHub, and Adobe Creative Suite. A big plus if you have knowledge of Cinema4D and After Effects.<\/li>\n<li>Top-notch communications skills, having comfort and experience communicating with creative peers and marketing partners daily.<\/li>\n<li>A zero ego, \u201cno task is too big or too small\u201d mindset, demonstrating you\u2019re an all around team player<\/li>\n<li>Deep commitment to the end-user, advocating for them in all areas of your work is core to what you do.<\/li>\n<li>An understanding that world-class experiences come from collaborative decision-making with developers, content designers, fellow marketing designers, and more.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<\/section>","pubDate":"2024-10-15 03:22:04"},{"id":106326,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/106326-sales-development-existing-business","jobSlug":"106326-sales-development-existing-business","jobTitle":"Account Executive - Existing Business","companyName":"Shopify","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2020\/09\/WRILS-200909175401-484443.jpg","jobIndustry":["Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Anywhere","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"Opportunity is not evenly distributed. Shopify puts independence within reach for anyone with a dream to start a business. We propel entrepreneurs and enterprises to scale the heights of their potential. Since 2006, we\u2019ve grown to over 8,300 employees and generated over $947 billion in sales for millions of merchants in 175 countries. This is&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>Opportunity is not evenly distributed. Shopify puts independence within reach for anyone with a dream to start a business. We propel entrepreneurs and enterprises to scale the heights of their potential. Since 2006, we\u2019ve grown to over 8,300 employees and generated over $947 billion in sales for millions of merchants in 175 countries.<\/p>\n<p>This is life-defining work that directly impacts people\u2019s lives as much as it transforms your own. This is putting the power of the few in the hands of the many, is a future with more voices rather than fewer, and is creating more choices instead of an elite option.<\/p>\n<h2 class=\"font-extrabold text-[1.625rem] mb-1\">About you:<\/h2>\n<p>Moving at our pace brings a lot of change, complexity, and ambiguity\u2014and a little bit of chaos. Shopifolk thrive on that and are comfortable being uncomfortable. That means Shopify is not the right place for everyone.<\/p>\n<p><strong>Before you apply, consider if you can:<\/strong><\/p>\n<ul class=\"list-disc ml-8\">\n<li>Care deeply about what you do and about making commerce better for everyone<\/li>\n<li>Excel by seeking professional and personal hypergrowth<\/li>\n<li>Keep up with an unrelenting pace (the week, not the quarter)<\/li>\n<li>Be resilient and resourceful in face of ambiguity and thrive on (rather than endure) change<\/li>\n<li>Bring critical thought and opinion<\/li>\n<li>Embrace differences and disagreement to get shit done and move forward<\/li>\n<li>Work digital-first for your daily work<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2 class=\"font-extrabold text-[1.625rem] mb-1\">About the role:<\/h2>\n<p>We\u2019re looking for highly motivated sales professionals to join our team in a few vital roles<strong>: Account Executive, Sales Development Representative\u00a0<\/strong>and<strong>\u00a0Team Lead<\/strong>. These positions offer a unique chance to build a rewarding career with a company that values growth and provides continuous opportunities for advancement.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Role Overview:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>Our sales team directly collaborates with notable brands and entrepreneurs. You\u2019ll help them launch or expand their commercial footprint, whether through e-commerce or physical retail. You\u2019ll be at the forefront of developing sales solutions and providing strategic insights that support our clients\u2019 success.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Key Responsibilities:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Engage with prospects and clients to understand their unique needs and challenges, and provide them with tailored commerce solutions<\/li>\n<li>Lead and participate in high-volume outreach efforts through calls, emails, social media, and other channels to qualify leads<\/li>\n<li>Manage a comprehensive sales cycle from initial contact through to contract negotiations, maintaining a pipeline of opportunities<\/li>\n<li>Serve as a proactive point of contact for clients, ensuring an exceptional service experience<\/li>\n<li>Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to enhance client engagements and outcomes<\/li>\n<li>Stay on top of the latest product features, industry trends, and market dynamics to provide the best possible advice and service to merchants<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Desired Skills and Qualifications:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Strong communication and interpersonal skills \u2014\u00a0capable of building trusting relationships and effectively conveying the value of Shopify\u2019s offerings<\/li>\n<li>Proven ability to manage detailed sales cycles and succeed in a competitive environment<\/li>\n<li>Adept at high-volume sales activities and capable of maintaining focus and efficiency in fast-paced settings<\/li>\n<li>Experience with CRM tools (for example: Salesforce), and familiarity with sales engagement platforms preferred<\/li>\n<li>Self-motivated and driven by results, with the tenacity to pursue leads and close deals<\/li>\n<li>Ability to multitask, prioritize responsibilities, and thrive on change<\/li>\n<li>Knowledgeable in targeting and engaging potential clients through strategic questioning and active listening<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Craft @ Shopify:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p><strong>Craft has always been the heart of Shopify.<\/strong>\u00a0We\u2019re a company, founded by crafters, focused on a mission to make commerce better for everyone. This is why we want careers at Shopify to reflect the incredible journey of getting better at your craft and applying it to push our mission forward. Shopifolk generally follow one of two career tracks<\/p>\n<p>The crafter track is designed for individual contributors, whose primary purpose is getting shit done. Crafters hone their skills and gain experience primarily through project contributions, but they may also act as player coaches to their peers or lead small, focused teams of peer crafters executing on specific areas of the business or product.<\/p>\n<p>The manager track is designed for people leaders, the stewards of the organization. The tool of a manager is their team, and this is how a manager makes the majority of their impact. They assemble, lead, and aim the team to ensure the team\u2019s crafters achieve Shopify\u2019s mission goals.<\/p>\n<p>This role is part of our Crafter Track.<\/p>\n<p><strong>Still interested?<\/strong>\u00a0Great! To match you with your ideal role, we\u2019ll take the time to get to know you and the skills you bring to the table. If you\u2019re applying to a specific role, we\u2019ll respond within 10 business days. If we don\u2019t have an immediate opening, don\u2019t worry! We\u2019ll give you an update and keep you in mind for future roles. Just do us a favour and try not to submit more than one or two applications. Only submit additional applications if you\u00a0<em>really<\/em>\u00a0match the criteria for multiple roles.<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-15 03:22:01"},{"id":110717,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/110717-web3-sales-senior-manager","jobSlug":"110717-web3-sales-senior-manager","jobTitle":"Head of Account Management","companyName":"Chainlink Labs","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/02\/ec6e8f7f8fae8ec7d526de901c0a044a.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Europe","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"Chainlink Labs is the primary contributing developer of Chainlink, the decentralized computing platform powering the verifiable web. Chainlink is the industry-standard platform for providing access to real-world data, offchain computation, and secure cross-chain interoperability across any blockchain. Chainlink Labs helps power verifiable applications for banking, DeFi, global trade, and gaming by collaborating with some of&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>Chainlink Labs is the primary contributing developer of Chainlink, the decentralized computing platform powering the verifiable web. Chainlink is the industry-standard platform for providing access to real-world data, offchain computation, and secure cross-chain interoperability across any blockchain. Chainlink Labs helps power verifiable applications for banking, DeFi, global trade, and gaming by collaborating with some of the world\u2019s largest financial institutions, notably Swift, DTCC, and ANZ. Chainlink Labs also works with top Web3 teams, including Aave, Compound, GMX, Maker, and Synthetix.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>About The Role\u00a0<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>You will own and drive the account management function for our web3 business, responsible for delivering product-specific adoption metrics for our key product suites: CCIP and Data Feeds. You will be responsible for providing clear and actionable insights on account health and ensuring that our sales pipeline is progressing towards strategic goals. The basis of the role will be to ensure strong, engaged, proactive relationships with our users and prospects so as to be able to act as the linchpin between various teams bringing in product specialist or technical resources as required, tracking key performance indicators, surfacing any blockers that might impede progress, and directly supporting the closure of deals as required. As the Senior Manager, you will play a pivotal role in designing the process, systems and structures to scale our approach to relationships management to deliver a consistently exceptional experience across 1000s of users.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Your Impact<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>Your work will directly influence the success of our product sales by maximizing pipeline growth and driving the adoption of our solutions in the market. By clearly defining the roles and responsibilities within the account engagement process, you will empower our sales units to operate independently and proactively identify and capitalize on new opportunities. Your leadership will be instrumental in coaching and developing a team of account managers and new business hunters, ensuring they are equipped to deliver results from day one. Through your efforts, we expect to see significant growth in market share, improved efficiency in sales operations, and a stronger alignment between sales goals and overall business strategy.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Requirements<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Minimum of 5 years of sales management experience overseeing sales teams, with a strong background in being deeply hands on and proactive with personally owning deals as required.<\/li>\n<li>Proven ability to create structure and scalability to drive the adoption of specific product outcomes across 1000s of accounts.<\/li>\n<li>Deep web3 knowledge<\/li>\n<li>Expertise in building and managing relationships across internal and external cross-functional teams, ensuring alignment and effective communication.<\/li>\n<li>Strong ability to grasp broad data sets on product adoption, market trends, and user-specific intelligence to develop actionable go-to-market strategies.<\/li>\n<li>Experience in managing global teams.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Preferred Requirements<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Experience working within technical environments<\/li>\n<li>Experience selling infra\/data\/fintech where product value proposition is key in winning deals.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p><em>All roles with Chainlink Labs are global and remote-based. Unless otherwise stated, we ask that you try to overlap some working hours with Eastern Standard Time (EST).<\/em><\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-15 03:13:46"},{"id":109609,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/109609-account-executive-enterprise-2","jobSlug":"109609-account-executive-enterprise-2","jobTitle":"Account Executive, Enterprise","companyName":"Retool","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/09\/cd0c29ccbd0d30aeed4d22037a2e6277.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"At Retool, we\u2019re on a mission to bring good software to everyone. We\u2019re building a new type of development platform that combines the benefits of traditional software development with a drag-and-drop UI editor and AI, making it dramatically faster to build internal tools. We believe that the future of software development lies in abstracting away&#8230;","jobDescription":"<div>\n<p>At Retool, we\u2019re on a mission to bring good software to everyone. We\u2019re building a new type of development platform that combines the benefits of traditional software development with a drag-and-drop UI editor and AI, making it dramatically faster to build internal tools. We believe that the future of software development lies in abstracting away the tedious and repetitive tasks developers waste time on, while creating reusable components that act as a force multiplier for future developers and projects. The result is not just productivity, but good software by default. And that\u2019s a mission worth striving for.<\/p>\n<p>Today, our customers span from small startups building their first operational tools to Fortune 500 companies building mission-critical apps for thousands of users across their business. Interested in joining us? Let us know!<\/p>\n<\/div>\n<div>\n<h2><strong>WHY WE\u2019RE LOOKING FOR YOU:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<div>We\u2019re not slowing down and to help us reach our goals you\u2019ll own a portion of Retool\u2019s largest-by-revenue segment: enterprise. You and our Sales Development team will build your pipeline and you\u2019ll collaborate with our deep bench of Sales Engineers to win six and seven figure deals.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>You\u2019re comfortable running point on key deals, managing a book of business, and building a playbook for future team members. You\u2019re adept at listening to, and engaging with, engineers\u2014our buyers\u2014and you have the know-how to navigate technical discussions and decisions. You\u2019ll bring best practices, deep sales acumen, and a drive to close big deals quickly.<\/div>\n<h2><strong>WHO YOU&#8217;LL WORK WITH:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<div>You\u2019ll work with our team of Sales Engineers (who are engineers themselves!), other Account Executives, and our SDR team. You\u2019ll dive into sales forecasting meetings, partner with our sales leads, Head of Sales, CEO, and CTO to close banner deals, and work cross-functionally with Marketing and Engineering.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>You\u2019ll be joining a broader team of Retools who are passionate about serving our customers, enjoy collaborating to build an incredibly innovative product, and partake in some occasional but well-intentioned sarcasm. If this sounds like you, we\u2019d love to hear from you!<\/div>\n<h2><strong>IN THIS ROLE, YOU&#8217;LL:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<div>\n<ul>\n<li>Identify and qualify leads and develop them into high-value opportunities<\/li>\n<li>Build relationships and establish communications at the highest executive levels in your accounts to understand their needs and priorities, and to speed up and simplify the deal process<\/li>\n<li>Own the closing process, including negotiations and procurement activities<\/li>\n<li>Keep Salesforce up to date with customer information, forecasts, and pipeline data so we can learn more about our business and our sales process<\/li>\n<li>Develop and execute a strategic plan to meet monthly, quarterly, and annual revenue objectives<\/li>\n<li>Work with technical stakeholders and executives to identify opportunities for Retool to accelerate Engineering within their org<\/li>\n<li>Partner with sales engineers and the executive team to create relationships within all levels of key accounts<\/li>\n<li>Collaborate with Engineering to identify and deploy new features to continuously increase the value of Retool<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>THE SKILLSET YOU&#8217;LL BRING:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Experience hitting quota of $1.5M+ of ARR per year<\/li>\n<li>A track record of success in driving consistent activity, pipeline development, and quota achievement.<\/li>\n<li>8-10+ years of sales experience preferred with an emphasis on developer tools, cloud infrastructure, databases, and\/or business intelligence<\/li>\n<li>A solution-based approach to selling and the ability to manage a complex sales process.<\/li>\n<li>Excellent presentation and listening skills, organization, and contact management capabilities.<\/li>\n<li>A hands-on approach to learning technical concepts and leading technical discussions with stakeholders of all levels<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"job__pay-ranges\">\n<div class=\"pay-range\">\n<div class=\"description\">\n<div class=\"body\">\n<p>For candidates based in the United States, we have three geographic pay zones. For this role, the pay range(s) for this role in each zone is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings (OTE) for commissionable roles.<\/p>\n<p>This salary range may be inclusive of several career levels at Retool and will be narrowed during the interview process based on a number of factors such as (but not limited to), scope and responsibilities, the candidate\u2019s experience and qualifications, and location.<\/p>\n<p>Additional compensation in the form(s) of equity, and\/or commission\/bonuses are dependent on the position offered. Retool provides a comprehensive benefit plan, including medical, dental, vision, and 401(k). Pay and benefits are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable compensation or benefit plans.<\/p>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<p class=\"body body--medium\">Tier 1 $246,600 &#8211; $350,000 USD<br \/>\nTier 2 $209,600 &#8211; $297,600 USD<br \/>\nTier 3 $172,600\u00a0&#8211;\u00a0$245,000\u00a0USD<\/p>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>","pubDate":"2024-10-15 03:11:39","annualSalaryMin":"172600","annualSalaryMax":"350000","salaryCurrency":"USD"},{"id":86835,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/86835-senior-hris-analyst-workday","jobSlug":"86835-senior-hris-analyst-workday","jobTitle":"Data Engineer","companyName":"Kraken","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/03\/Jobicy-210307081105-509016.png","jobIndustry":["Software Engineering"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"APAC,  EMEA,  Canada,  USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"Kraken is a mission-focused company rooted in crypto values. As a Krakenite, you\u2019ll join us on our mission to accelerate the global adoption of crypto, so that everyone can achieve financial freedom and inclusion. For over a decade, Kraken\u2019s focus on our mission and crypto ethos has attracted many of the most talented crypto experts&#8230;","jobDescription":"<div class=\"section page-centered\" data-qa=\"job-description\">\n<div class=\"section page-centered\" data-qa=\"job-description\">\n<p>Kraken is a mission-focused company rooted in crypto values. As a Krakenite, you\u2019ll join us on our mission to accelerate the global adoption of crypto, so that everyone can achieve financial freedom and inclusion. For over a decade, Kraken\u2019s focus on our mission and crypto ethos has attracted many of the most talented crypto experts in the world.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>The team<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>Join our Data Engineering Team at Kraken!<\/p>\n<p>Are you passionate about leveraging the power of data to drive business decisions in the fast-paced world of cryptocurrency? We&#8217;re seeking a talented Data Engineer to play a crucial role in our innovative Data Engineering team. As a Data Engineer at Kraken, you&#8217;ll be at the forefront of transforming terabytes of data into actionable insights, enabling us to stay ahead in the ever-evolving cryptocurrency landscape.<\/p>\n<p>If you are ready to be a driving force behind Kraken&#8217;s data initiatives, working with cutting-edge technologies and a passionate team, we invite you to join us on this exciting journey at Kraken!<\/p>\n<p>This role is fully remote. We consider candidates from Americas, EMEA, and APAC.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>The opportunity<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Build scalable and reliable data pipeline that collects, transforms, loads and curates data from internal systems<\/li>\n<li>Augment data platform with data pipelines from select external systems<\/li>\n<li>Ensure high data quality for pipelines you build and make them auditable<\/li>\n<li>Drive data systems to be as near real-time as possible<\/li>\n<li>Support design and deployment of distributed data store that will be central source of truth across the organization<\/li>\n<li>Build data connections to company&#8217;s internal IT systems<\/li>\n<li>Develop, customize, configure self service tools that help our data consumers to extract and analyze data from our massive internal data store<\/li>\n<li>Evaluate new technologies and build prototypes for continuous improvements in data engineering.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Skills you should HODL<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>4+ years of work experience in relevant field (Data Engineer, DWH Engineer, Software Engineer, etc)<\/li>\n<li>Experience with data warehouse technologies and relevant data modeling best practices (Presto, Athena, Glue, etc)<\/li>\n<li>Experience building data pipelines\/ETL and familiarity with design principles (Apache Airflow is a big plus!)<\/li>\n<li>Excellent SQL and data manipulation skills using common frameworks like Spark\/PySpark, or similar.<\/li>\n<li>Proficiency in a major programming language (e.g. Scala, Python, Golang,..)<\/li>\n<li>Experience with business requirements gathering for data sourcing.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>Kraken is powered by people from around the world and we celebrate all Krakenites for their diverse talents, backgrounds, contributions and unique perspectives. We hire strictly based on merit, meaning we seek out the candidates with the right abilities, knowledge, and skills considered the most suitable for the job. We encourage you to apply for roles where you don&#8217;t fully meet the listed requirements, especially if you&#8217;re passionate or knowledgable about crypto!<\/p>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>","pubDate":"2024-10-15 03:10:55","annualSalaryMin":"117000","annualSalaryMax":"176000","salaryCurrency":"USD"},{"id":108487,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/108487-sr-sales-development-representative-german-english","jobSlug":"108487-sr-sales-development-representative-german-english","jobTitle":"Senior Sales Development Representative","companyName":"Udacity","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2024\/02\/e4374c0d-221.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Germany","jobLevel":"Senior","jobExcerpt":"Our Sales Development teams are the tip of the spear and play a critical role in growing our brand presence, uncovering sales opportunities in target prospect accounts, and expanding existing customer relationships. Partnering closely with your team of Sr. Enterprise Account Executives, you will often be the first point of contact in engaging with large&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>Our Sales Development teams are the tip of the spear and play a critical role in growing our brand presence, uncovering sales opportunities in target prospect accounts, and expanding existing customer relationships. Partnering closely with your team of Sr. Enterprise Account Executives, you will often be the first point of contact in engaging with large ($1B+ revenue) companies who want to drive workforce transformation at scale. In this role, you will conduct in depth research on your target accounts, and use this information to execute creative multi-stream outreach activities to engage contacts at multiple levels within these organizations. You will leverage your prior sales experience to drive outbound outreach (warm\/cold call, LinkedIn, video messaging, email, etc.), ask qualifying questions to ensure high quality meetings with our target audience, and collaborate closely with our Enterprise Sales, Customer Success, and Marketing teams to generate new opportunities.\u00a0This is a great career development opportunity with potential for growth to an Enterprise Account Executive role!<\/p>\n<h2><strong>What you&#8217;ll do:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Drive a high volume of daily outbound outreach efforts within your assigned target accounts to create qualified new business meetings for your Sr. EAE partners.<\/li>\n<li>Engage key contacts in the buying committee with personalized emails, video inmails, and creative social outreach<\/li>\n<li>Leverage marketing campaign responses and intent signals to prioritize prospecting<\/li>\n<li>Manage and prioritize your efforts to meet\/exceed monthly and quarterly targets for meetings and pipeline creation<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>What We Value:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>2+ years of outbound SDR\/BDR or account management experience driving qualified meetings and pipeline opportunities<\/li>\n<li>Software as a Service and experience selling into F1000+ companies is strongly preferred<\/li>\n<li>Proven track record articulating a strong value proposition to enterprise buyers<\/li>\n<li>Strong interpersonal and communication skills across a variety of channels (email,video, LinkedIn, phone, etc.)<\/li>\n<li>A positive attitude, collaborative team spirit, and resilience<\/li>\n<li>Ability to develop rapport, influence others, and maintain strong working relationships<\/li>\n<li>Experience working in SFDC, LinkedIn and ABM platforms a plus<\/li>\n<li><strong>German language skills<\/strong>\u00a0(speaking, reading and writing)!<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>Please consider applying if your experience is close to what we described above. We look for people with exceptional potential, as we know highest performing teams include people of diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and life experiences.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Benefits:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>Experience a rewarding work environment with Udacity&#8217;s perks and benefits!<\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>Flexible working hours<\/li>\n<li>Paid time off<\/li>\n<li>Comprehensive medical insurance coverage for you and your dependents<\/li>\n<li>Employee wellness resources and initiatives (access to wellness platforms like Headspace, Modern Health )<\/li>\n<li>Quarterly wellness day off<\/li>\n<li>Personalised career development<\/li>\n<li>Unlimited access to Udacity Nanodegrees<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<div class=\"content-conclusion\">\n<h2><strong>What We Do:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>Forging futures in tech is our vision. Udacity is where lifelong learners come to learn the skills they need, to land the jobs they want, and to build the lives they deserve.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Don\u2019t stop there!\u00a0 Please keep reading&#8230;<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>You\u2019ve probably heard the following\u00a0statistic:\u00a0Most male applicants only meet 60% of the qualifications, while women and other marginalized candidates only apply if they meet 100% of the qualifications. If\u00a0<strong>you<\/strong>\u00a0think you have what it takes but don\u2019t meet every single point in the job description, please apply!<\/p>\n<p>We believe that historically, many processes disproportionately hurt the most marginalized communities in society- including people of color, working-class backgrounds, women and LGBTQ people. Centering these communities at our core is pivotal for any successful organization and a value we uphold steadfastly.\u00a0 Therefore, Udacity strongly encourages applications from all communities and backgrounds.<\/p>\n<p><strong>Last, but certainly not least\u2026<\/strong><\/p>\n<p>Udacity is committed to creating economic empowerment and a more diverse and equitable world. We believe that the unique contributions of all Udacians is the driver of our success.\u00a0To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone\u2019s perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, ancestry, disability, medical condition (including genetic information), age, veteran status or military status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws.<\/p>\n<p>As part of our ongoing work to build more diverse teams at Udacity, when applying, you will be asked to complete a voluntary self-identification survey. This survey is anonymous, we are unable to connect your application with your survey responses. Please complete this voluntary survey as we utilize the data for diversity measures in terms of gender and ethnic background in both our candidates and our Udacians. We consider this data seriously and appreciate your willingness to complete this step in the process, if you choose to do so.<\/p>\n<\/div>","pubDate":"2024-10-15 03:09:09"},{"id":110718,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/110718-customer-service-representative-2","jobSlug":"110718-customer-service-representative-2","jobTitle":"Customer Service Representative","companyName":"SupportNinja","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2024\/04\/e0f57c34-221.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Customer Success"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"We\u2019re obsessed\u00a0with growth. From enabling companies to flourish, to helping careers bloom. SupportNinja was founded in 2015 to help successful companies solve for scale and connect them with a wider world of talent. Our vision is to show the world a better way to outsource by developing the best people, implementing cutting-edge technology, and challenging&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p id=\"isPasted\" dir=\"ltr\">We\u2019re <em>obsessed\u00a0<\/em>with growth. From enabling companies to flourish, to helping careers bloom. SupportNinja was founded in 2015 to help successful companies solve for scale and connect them with a wider world of talent.<\/p>\n<p dir=\"ltr\">Our vision is to show the world a better way to outsource by developing the best people, implementing cutting-edge technology, and challenging the status quo. SupportNinja helps fast-growing tech companies by providing around-the-clock outsourced support, lead generation, customer service and community management.<\/p>\n<p dir=\"ltr\">As a Ninja, you are guaranteed a culture dedicated to our core values: We Value Our People First, We Stay Humble, We Improve Daily, We Embrace Compassionate Candor, We Live Joyfully.<\/p>\n<p>The Customer Service Representative is responsible for handling incoming customer inquiries via phone, email, or chat and resolving customer issues in a timely and professional manner.<\/p>\n<h2 dir=\"ltr\">What does a day in the life as a Customer Service Representative look like?<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Respond promptly and professionally to customer inquiries via phone, email, and\/or chat<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Provide accurate information about products and services to customers<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Resolve customer issues in a timely and efficient manner<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Follow up with customers to ensure that their issues have been resolved to their satisfaction<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Properly and accurately document customer interactions in the organization\u2019s CRM<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Adhere to company policies and procedures<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Meet or exceed performance targets for related KPIs<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Continuously improve knowledge of products, services, and processes by participating in training programs and continuous learning modules<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Collaborate with other departments as needed<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Maintain a positive, empathetic, and professional attitude toward customers and colleagues at all times<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Perform other duties as assigned<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2 dir=\"ltr\">What are the required qualifications of a Customer Service Representative?<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Undergraduates are welcome to apply<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Previous customer service experience or equivalent, preferably in a call center environment<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Strong communication skills, both verbal and written<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Proficient in using computers and various software applications, CRM preferred<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Must be able to meet the equipment requirements for work at home setup (see attached document)<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Ninja Perks and Benefits:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Competitive compensation<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Medical, dental and vision insurance<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Paid time off, birthday leave<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Bonus and incentive plans<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Opportunities for skills training and personal and professional development<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Employee Referral Program<\/li>\n<\/ul>","pubDate":"2024-10-15 03:08:38"},{"id":105178,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/105178-healthcare-customer-service-representative","jobSlug":"105178-healthcare-customer-service-representative","jobTitle":"Healthcare Customer Service Representative","companyName":"SupportNinja","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2024\/04\/e0f57c34-221.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Customer Success"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"SupportNinja is a new kind of BPO. Our vision is to show the world a better way to outsource by developing the best people, implementing the latest technology, and challenging the status quo. SupportNinja helps fast-growing tech companies by providing around-the-clock outsourced support, lead generation, customer service and community management. As a Ninja, you are&#8230;","jobDescription":"<div class=\"section page-centered\" data-qa=\"job-description\">\n<div>SupportNinja is a new kind of BPO. Our vision is to show the world a better way to outsource by developing the best people, implementing the latest technology, and challenging the status quo. SupportNinja helps fast-growing tech companies by providing around-the-clock outsourced support, lead generation, customer service and community management.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>As a Ninja, you are guaranteed a culture dedicated to our core values: Employee Focused, Always Be Humble, Improve Everyday, Compassionate Candor, and Collectively Bring Joy.<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\">\n<div>\n<h2>What does a day in the life of a Healthcare Customer Service Representative look like?<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Responsible for handling enrollment, benefits, and claims calls<\/li>\n<li>Must be able to understand and empathize with customer needs<\/li>\n<li>Must be able to resolve customer issues in a timely and efficient manner<\/li>\n<li>Must have strong customer service skills<\/li>\n<li>Must be inquisitive and have strong problem solving skills<\/li>\n<li>Responds promptly and professionally to customer inquiries via phone, email, or chat<\/li>\n<li>Follows up with customers to ensure that their issues have been resolved to their satisfaction<\/li>\n<li>Continuously improves knowledge of products, services, and processes by participating in training programs and continuous learning modules<\/li>\n<li>Collaborates with other departments as needed to resolve customer issues<\/li>\n<li>Maintains a positive, empathetic, and professional attitude toward customers and colleagues at all times<\/li>\n<li>Adheres to company policies and procedures<\/li>\n<li>Meets or exceeds performance targets for related KPI\u2019s<\/li>\n<li>Performs other duties as assigned<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\">\n<div>\n<h2>What are the required qualifications of a Healthcare Customer Service Representative?<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Must have high school diploma or equivalent<\/li>\n<li>Must be 18 years or older<\/li>\n<li>Previous experience in a customer service role<\/li>\n<li>Strong communication skills, both verbal and written<\/li>\n<li>Proficient in using computers and various software applications<\/li>\n<li>HIPAA knowledge<\/li>\n<li>Must be flexible to work a shift within\u00a0<b>9:00 AM to 8:00 PM EST\u00a0<\/b>(<i>Monday through Friday, weekends and major holidays off\u00a0)<\/i><\/li>\n<li>Must be able to meet the minimum PC specification requirements (BYOD &#8211; Bring your own device)<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\">\n<div>\n<h2>Having these qualifications are helpful, but not required:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Medical or medical insurance background preferred<\/li>\n<li>Call center experience handling healthcare accounts is a plus<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\" data-qa=\"salary-range\">\n<div>$15 an hour<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\" data-qa=\"closing-description\">\n<h2><b>Ninja Perks and Benefits:<\/b><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Competitive compensation<\/li>\n<li>Medical, dental and vision insurance<\/li>\n<li>Paid time off, birthday leave<\/li>\n<li>Bonus and incentive plans<\/li>\n<li>Opportunities for skills training and personal and professional development<\/li>\n<li>Employee Referral Program<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<div>Experience <i>infinite fun<\/i>\u00a0so you can have\u00a0<i>infinite growth<\/i>. Discover\u00a0<i>A Better Way to Grow<\/i>! Are you ready?<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div><b>Disclaimer<\/b><\/div>\n<div>The duties and responsibilities listed above describe the post as it is in general terms and are not definitive. The post holder is expected to accept any reasonable alterations that may from time to time be necessary.<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>\n<div>SupportNinja is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and we do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics under federal, state, or local law.<\/div>\n<\/div>","pubDate":"2024-10-15 03:08:27"},{"id":100661,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/100661-site-reliability-engineer-apac","jobSlug":"100661-site-reliability-engineer-apac","jobTitle":"Intermediate Backend Engineer (RoR), Plan","companyName":"GitLab","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2020\/12\/WRILS-201207055737-109952.jpg","jobIndustry":["Software Engineering"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Anywhere","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"Most backend developers work on all aspects of GitLab, building features, fixing bugs, and generally improving the application.\u00a0 The Product Planning backend team works on the backend part of GitLab for the Portfolio Management, Design Management, and Certify product categories. Among other things, this means working on GitLab&#8217;s functionality around Epics, Roadmaps, Requirements, Quality Management,&#8230;","jobDescription":"<div class=\"content-intro\">\n<div>\n<p>Most backend developers work on all aspects of GitLab, building features, fixing bugs, and generally improving the application.\u00a0 The Product Planning backend team works on the backend part of GitLab for the Portfolio Management, Design Management, and Certify product categories. Among other things, this means working on GitLab&#8217;s functionality around Epics, Roadmaps, Requirements, Quality Management, and Service Desk. Our mission is to build planning tools that users love and allow collaboration between all levels of the organization. You can read more about our long-term vision on our\u00a0direction page.<\/p>\n<p>The Product Planning team collaborates closely with the rest of the Plan stage, and the wider community, to build and improve features that are in high demand by customers. Features such as Epics are widely used internally in the everyday organization of GitLab.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Responsibilities<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Develop features and improvements to the GitLab product in a secure, well-tested, and performant way<\/li>\n<li>Collaborate with Product Management and other stakeholders within Engineering (Frontend, UX, etc.) to maintain a high bar for quality in a fast-paced, iterative environment<\/li>\n<li>Advocate for improvements to product quality, security, and performance<\/li>\n<li>Solve technical problems of moderate scope and complexity.<\/li>\n<li>Craft code that meets our internal standards for style, maintainability, and best practices for a high-scale web environment.<\/li>\n<li>Conduct\u00a0Code Review\u00a0within our\u00a0Code Review Guidelines\u00a0and ensure community contributions receive a swift response.<\/li>\n<li>Recognize impediments to our efficiency as a team (&#8220;technical debt&#8221;), propose and implement solutions<\/li>\n<li>Represent GitLab and its values in public communication around specific projects and community contributions.<\/li>\n<li>Confidently ship small features and improvements with minimal guidance and support from other team members. Collaborate with the team on larger projects.<\/li>\n<li>Participate in Tier 2 or Tier 3 weekday and weekend and occasional night\u00a0on-call rotations\u00a0to assist troubleshooting product operations, security operations, and urgent engineering issues.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Requirements<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Significant\u00a0professional experience\u00a0with Ruby on Rails<\/li>\n<li>Professional experience with PostgreSQL or a comparable RDBMS<\/li>\n<li>Proficiency in the English language, both written and verbal, sufficient for success in a remote and largely asynchronous work environment<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrated capacity to clearly and concisely communicate about complex technical, architectural, and\/or organizational problems and propose thorough iterative solutions<\/li>\n<li>Experience with performance and optimization problems and a demonstrated ability to both diagnose and prevent these problems<\/li>\n<li>Comfort working in a highly agile,\u00a0intensely iterative\u00a0software development process<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrated ability to onboard and integrate with an organization long-term<\/li>\n<li>Positive and solution-oriented mindset<\/li>\n<li>Effective communication skills:\u00a0Regularly achieve consensus with peers, and clear status updates<\/li>\n<li>An inclination towards communication, inclusion, and visibility<\/li>\n<li>Experience owning a project from concept to production, including proposal, discussion, and execution.<\/li>\n<li>Self-motivated and self-managing, with strong organizational skills.<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrated ability to work closely with other parts of the organization<\/li>\n<li>Share\u00a0our values, and work in accordance with those values<\/li>\n<li>Ability to thrive in a fully remote organization<\/li>\n<li>Ability to use GitLab<\/li>\n<li>Comfort and familiarity with our\u00a0code review process<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Nice-to-haves<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Experience in a peak performance organization, preferably a tech startup<\/li>\n<li>An understanding of ActiveRecord, GraphQL, and Sidekiq<\/li>\n<li>Experience with the GitLab product as a user or contributor<\/li>\n<li>Passionate about\/experienced with open source and developer tools<\/li>\n<li>Product company experience<\/li>\n<li>Experience working with a remote team<\/li>\n<li>Enterprise software company experience<\/li>\n<li>Developer platform\/tool industry experience<\/li>\n<li>Experience working with a global or otherwise multicultural team<\/li>\n<li>Computer science education or equivalent experience<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<div><strong>Country Hiring Guidelines: <\/strong>GitLab hires new team members in countries around the world. All of our roles are remote, however some roles may carry specific location-based eligibility requirements. Our Talent Acquisition team can help answer any questions about location after starting the recruiting process.<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:54:04"},{"id":111565,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/111565-design-lead","jobSlug":"111565-design-lead","jobTitle":"Design Lead","companyName":"Jimdo","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/03\/Jobicy-210311180131-465051.png","jobIndustry":["Design &amp; Creative"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Germany","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"As the Design Lead, you&#8217;ll be the creative force behind our visual strategy, driving brand consistency and delivering engaging visual content across all platforms. This role is perfect for a strategic thinker with a passion for innovation, particularly in integrating AI into the creative process. What you\u2019ll be doing: Lead and execute the visual strategy&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>As the Design Lead, you&#8217;ll be the creative force behind our visual strategy, driving brand consistency and delivering engaging visual content across all platforms. This role is perfect for a strategic thinker with a passion for innovation, particularly in integrating AI into the creative process.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>What you\u2019ll be doing:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Lead and execute the visual strategy for all brand assets, ensuring high consistency across campaigns.<\/li>\n<li>Share your knowledge and experience, fostering a culture of growth and innovation.<\/li>\n<li>Oversee the entire design process from concept to completion, ensuring timely and high-quality delivery.<\/li>\n<li>Innovate by integrating AI tools into the design process, enhancing creative output and efficiency.<\/li>\n<li>Identify and capitalize on opportunities to elevate brand storytelling, particularly during product launches and brand activations.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>What you bring to the table:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Proven experience as a Design Lead, Art Director, or similar role with a strong portfolio showcasing visual storytelling and campaign execution.<\/li>\n<li>High proficiency in design software, including innovative tools like AI-driven design platforms.<\/li>\n<li>Experience in both agency and in-house environments, with the ability to thrive in fast-paced, complex settings.<\/li>\n<li>A proactive, problem-solving approach with strong project management and communication skills.<\/li>\n<li>Experience working with frontend engineers and a background in the technology sector (preferred but not mandatory).<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p><strong>Please submit samples of your work with your application, as a link or attachment.<\/strong><\/p>\n<h2><strong>What we offer:<br \/>\n<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p><strong><u>Inspiring Mission:<\/u><\/strong>\u00a0At our core, we are driven by a meaningful mission &#8211; to\u00a0 empower solopreneurs and small businesses to succeed and\u00a0 to contribute to the sustainability and vibrancy of the communities they serve.<\/p>\n<p><strong><u>Flexibility and Trust:<\/u><\/strong>\u00a0Our work environment thrives on flexibility and trust. We offer fully remote work set-up\u00a0 with opportunities for in-person collaboration. You can manage your working hours flexibly because we prioritize the results you deliver over the number of hours you put in.<\/p>\n<p><strong><u>Support for your side hustles:<\/u><\/strong>\u00a0We encourage side hustles. In addition, you get up to three free Jimdo websites for your personal or professional projects that you get to keep forever.<\/p>\n<p><strong><u>An International Diverse Team:<\/u><\/strong>\u00a0Our team is a mosaic of over 248 individuals hailing from 50+ different countries and working across 15+ diverse locations. We take pride in our openness and inclusivity, with an Employee-led DEI Council and active ERGs that ensure everyone&#8217;s voices are heard.<\/p>\n<p><strong><u>Continuous\u00a0 Growth and Career Development:<\/u><\/strong>\u00a0We invest in your growth with company-wide access to LinkedIn Learning and curated learning paths. From day one, you have the chance to contribute your ideas and create a meaningful impact. Our flat hierarchies and swift decision-making processes provide an open platform for your career progression.<\/p>\n<p><strong><u>Competitive Benefits Package:\u00a0<\/u><\/strong><\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>Annual compensation reviews to ensure you&#8217;re rewarded fairly.<\/li>\n<li>A remote office set-up bonus to enhance your workspace.<\/li>\n<li>A unique workation policy that allows you to work from different locations.<\/li>\n<li>An employee assistance program, offering resources and counseling.<\/li>\n<li>Plus, a perk that keeps giving: up to three free Jimdo websites for your personal or professional projects that you get to keep forever.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p><em>Jimdo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. This means that we don\u2019t discriminate based on race or ethnic origin, color, the language(s) you speak, where you (or your parents) are from, or whether or not you consider yourself to have a disability. Neither will your age, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, beliefs, or political opinions play a part in your application with us. Our diverse team values and celebrates the uniqueness of each individual. We embrace differences and believe that they enrich our organization, making us stronger and more innovative. Join us, and let&#8217;s continue to create a workplace where everyone can thrive, regardless of background or identity.<\/em><\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:52:57"},{"id":110682,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/110682-legal-counsel","jobSlug":"110682-legal-counsel","jobTitle":"Legal Counsel","companyName":"Jimdo","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/03\/Jobicy-210311180131-465051.png","jobIndustry":["Finance &amp; Legal"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Germany","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"As a Legal Counsel at Jimdo, you\u2019ll be at the forefront of navigating the legal landscape in a dynamic tech environment. You\u2019ll join a team of tech-savvy legal professionals that partner with the business to launch powerful and trustworthy, safe products. We believe in putting the customer first, making smart risk-based decisions, and playing as&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>As a Legal Counsel at Jimdo, you\u2019ll be at the forefront of navigating the legal landscape in a dynamic tech environment. You\u2019ll join a team of tech-savvy legal professionals that partner with the business to launch powerful and trustworthy, safe products. We believe in putting the customer first, making smart risk-based decisions, and playing as a team. Reporting directly to the General Counsel, you will play a pivotal role in shaping the legal framework that supports Jimdo&#8217;s innovative products and services and alleviates the mental compliance load of Jimdo\u2019s customers. Learn more about the legal set-up at Jimdo on our Legal Customer Center.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>What you\u2019ll be doing<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Partner with all departments to launch products and features in alignment with legal requirements and customer needs.<\/li>\n<li>Track and provide guidance on novel Legal issues impacting Jimdo, including the AI Act, the Data Act as well as the CSRD.<\/li>\n<li>Drafting, reviewing, and negotiating various contracts, including international SaaS agreements, DPAs and partnership contracts.<\/li>\n<li>Conduct data protection assessments and advise business teams on compliance with data privacy laws and regulations, including data collection and use.<\/li>\n<li>Implement changes to cross-functional processes and procedures in anticipation of regulatory and business developments.<\/li>\n<li>Create and update enablement materials (training, written guidance, shorts\/videos) for legal team members and cross-functional stakeholders on current and emerging Legal issues.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>What you bring to the table<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>A desire to understand our products and a passion for innovation at the intersection of law, tech and business.<\/li>\n<li>You have a \u201ccan do\u201d attitude. Our Legal team creates high-quality work on quick timelines.<\/li>\n<li>You take a practical approach to lawyering and are able to balance legal considerations with business objectives, making smart, risk-based decisions.<\/li>\n<li>Excellent ability to simplify complex legal and technical concepts into clear, actionable advice.<\/li>\n<li>Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills with basic business acumen.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p><strong>Formalities:<\/strong><\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>Bachelor of Laws or the 1st State Examination (Staatsexamen); an LL.M. in IT\/Information Law, Contract Law or Data Law is a plus.<\/li>\n<li>3-5 years of relevant legal experience at a comparable in-house practice, with around 2 years in a tech environment<\/li>\n<li>Strong understanding of German law, with business fluency in both English and German.<\/li>\n<li>Familiarity with Google Workspace, Slack, Jira and ChatGPT<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p><strong>Nice to have:<\/strong><\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>Familiarity with any of the following: JURO (or another CLM), Asana, Adobe Pro, Adobe Sign, Canva, Miro, Fides, BeckOnline<\/li>\n<li>Good understanding of a SaaS b2b business model and terminology<\/li>\n<li>First experience with the Legal Design approach<\/li>\n<li>Enthusiastic about AI tools, including ML and LLMs, and their application to Jimdo products.<\/li>\n<li>Knowledgeable in the legal and ethical implications of AI, especially in large language models and machine learning systems.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>What we offer<br \/>\n<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p><strong><u>Inspiring Mission:<\/u><\/strong>\u00a0At our core, we are driven by a meaningful mission &#8211; to\u00a0 empower solopreneurs and small businesses to succeed and\u00a0 to contribute to the sustainability and vibrancy of the communities they serve.<\/p>\n<p><strong><u>Flexibility and Trust:<\/u><\/strong>\u00a0Our work environment thrives on flexibility and trust. We offer fully remote work set-up\u00a0 with opportunities for in-person collaboration. You can manage your working hours flexibly because we prioritize the results you deliver over the number of hours you put in.<\/p>\n<p><strong><u>Support for your side hustles:<\/u><\/strong>\u00a0We encourage side hustles. In addition, you get up to three free Jimdo websites for your personal or professional projects that you get to keep forever.<\/p>\n<p><strong><u>An International Diverse Team:<\/u><\/strong>\u00a0Our team is a mosaic of over 248 individuals hailing from 50+ different countries and working across 15+ diverse locations. We take pride in our openness and inclusivity, with an Employee-led DEI Council and active ERGs that ensure everyone&#8217;s voices are heard.<\/p>\n<p><strong><u>Continuous\u00a0 Growth and Career Development:<\/u><\/strong>\u00a0We invest in your growth with company-wide access to LinkedIn Learning and curated learning paths. From day one, you have the chance to contribute your ideas and create a meaningful impact. Our flat hierarchies and swift decision-making processes provide an open platform for your career progression.<\/p>\n<p><strong><u>Competitive Benefits Package<\/u><\/strong><\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>Annual compensation reviews to ensure you&#8217;re rewarded fairly.<\/li>\n<li>A remote office set-up bonus to enhance your workspace.<\/li>\n<li>A unique workation policy that allows you to work from different locations.<\/li>\n<li>An employee assistance program, offering resources and counseling.<\/li>\n<li>Plus, a perk that keeps giving: up to three free Jimdo websites for your personal or professional projects that you get to keep forever.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p><em>Jimdo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. This means that we don\u2019t discriminate based on race or ethnic origin, color, the language(s) you speak, where you (or your parents) are from, or whether or not you consider yourself to have a disability. Neither will your age, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, beliefs, or political opinions play a part in your application with us. Our diverse team values and celebrates the uniqueness of each individual. We embrace differences and believe that they enrich our organization, making us stronger and more innovative. Join us, and let&#8217;s continue to create a workplace where everyone can thrive, regardless of background or identity.<\/em><\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:51:17"},{"id":110683,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/110683-senior-machine-learning-engineer-3","jobSlug":"110683-senior-machine-learning-engineer-3","jobTitle":"Sr. Machine Learning Engineer","companyName":"Upwork","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2020\/10\/upwork.png","jobIndustry":["Software Engineering"],"jobType":["contract"],"jobGeo":"Europe","jobLevel":"Senior","jobExcerpt":"This Senior Machine Learning Engineer role offers a unique opportunity to work on cutting-edge machine learning applications that directly impact millions of users worldwide. You\u2019ll tackle complex problems, uncover valuable insights from vast datasets, and shape the future of personalized recommendations. By collaborating with a diverse team of experts, you&#8217;ll not only refine your technical&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>This Senior Machine Learning Engineer role offers a unique opportunity to work on cutting-edge machine learning applications that directly impact millions of users worldwide. You\u2019ll tackle complex problems, uncover valuable insights from vast datasets, and shape the future of personalized recommendations.<\/p>\n<p>By collaborating with a diverse team of experts, you&#8217;ll not only refine your technical skills but also see the tangible business impact of your work. If you&#8217;re passionate about innovation, large-scale system design, and driving meaningful change, this role provides an exciting platform to advance your career in a dynamic and influential environment.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Work\/Project Scope<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Analyze millions of structured and unstructured data points to identify patterns and insights in user behavior.<\/li>\n<li>Build and implement features to enhance model performance, including the development of efficient and reusable models and systems for various machine learning applications (both classical and deep learning models).<\/li>\n<li>Optimize and contribute to the performance of recommendation systems by building machine learning models that improve understanding of user preferences, intent, and context to deliver accurate, relevant, and personalized recommendations.<\/li>\n<li>Collaborate closely with business, analytics, and engineering teams to communicate data findings through statistics, charts, and formal presentations, ultimately proposing recommendations to maximize business impact.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Must Haves (Required Skills)<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Proficiency in Python.<\/li>\n<li>Strong SQL skills.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with Pytorch, TensorFlow, or another deep learning library.<\/li>\n<li>Familiarity with Spark or other big data tools.<\/li>\n<li>Prior experience in scaling large-scale production systems to serve millions of users.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>Upwork is proudly committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workforce. We never discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical condition), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:50:30"},{"id":95734,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/95734-senior-security-engineer-4","jobSlug":"95734-senior-security-engineer-4","jobTitle":"Senior Security Engineer","companyName":"Prezi","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/09\/372fbf25d6bbb7ba24bc519fac29dbf9.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Software Engineering"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Europe","jobLevel":"Senior","jobExcerpt":"We are looking for an experienced security engineer who has experience in the full spectrum of dev-sec-ops roles. We would love to work with you if you have: Secured web applications in\u00a0AWS, and in\u00a0Kubernetes, both from a defensive and offensive perspective. Real world experience with\u00a0handling incidents. Operational experience in AWS and Kubernetes with complex infrastructures&#8230;.","jobDescription":"<p>We are looking for an experienced security engineer who has experience in the full spectrum of dev-sec-ops roles.<\/p>\n<h2>We would love to work with you if you have:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Secured web applications in\u00a0AWS, and in\u00a0Kubernetes, both from a defensive and offensive perspective.<\/li>\n<li>Real world experience with\u00a0handling incidents.<\/li>\n<li>Operational experience in AWS and Kubernetes with complex infrastructures.<\/li>\n<li>Written and maintained complex scripts or whole applications (Python\u00a0preferred)<\/li>\n<li>Motivation to work with a wide variety of technologies, you have a growth mindset, and you are able to make conscious trade-offs.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>When you join Security team at Prezi, you will work on multiple aspects, like working:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>As a security analyst, react to findings, participate in incidents, fine-tune our controls, manage vulnerabilities, and improve our security posture, or if needed the Prezi products themselves.<\/li>\n<li>As a security engineer to introduce and tie together services(AWS native and 3rd party) to make them the best fit for Prezi. This includes designing, operating, maintaining, monitoring and troubleshooting these services in AWS (Lambda, EB) in Kubernetes, and as 3rd party services.<\/li>\n<li>As advisor to the rest of the organization on how to operate securely. It includes doing technical specification, and code reviews, assessing 3rd parties, running educational campaigns, supporting our compliance department.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>If you feel like the above description matches your experience, then we would love to talk to you!<\/p>\n<p>We offer fully remote work opportunities with flexible holidays, work life balance and supportive culture.<\/p>\n<p>At Prezi, we celebrate the diversity of our customers and our employees. We employ people from all backgrounds to build a product for everyone. We are looking for people who will bring in their different perspectives and help us on our mission to reinvent how people share knowledge, tell stories, and inspire their audiences to act.<\/p>\n<p>If you are into visual communication, love to be a part of a team and care about those around you, we encourage you to apply.<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:50:22"},{"id":110684,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/110684-site-reliability-engineer-delivery","jobSlug":"110684-site-reliability-engineer-delivery","jobTitle":"Site Reliability Engineer - Delivery","companyName":"GitLab","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2020\/12\/WRILS-201207055737-109952.jpg","jobIndustry":["Software Engineering"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"APAC","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"GitLab is an open core software company that develops the most comprehensive\u00a0AI-powered DevSecOps Platform, used by more than 100,000 organizations. Our\u00a0mission\u00a0is to enable everyone to contribute to and co-create the software that powers our world. When everyone can contribute, consumers become contributors, significantly accelerating the rate of human progress. This mission is integral to our&#8230;","jobDescription":"<div>\n<p>GitLab is an open core software company that develops the most comprehensive\u00a0AI-powered DevSecOps Platform, used by more than 100,000 organizations. Our\u00a0mission\u00a0is to enable everyone to contribute to and co-create the software that powers our world. When everyone can contribute, consumers become contributors, significantly accelerating the rate of human progress. This mission is integral to our culture, influencing how we hire, build products, and lead our industry. We make this possible at GitLab by running our\u00a0operations\u00a0on our product and staying aligned with our\u00a0values.<\/p>\n<\/div>\n<div>\n<h2><strong>An overview of this role:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>SRE&#8217;s with\u00a0Delivery: Deployments\u00a0specialization work alongside Backend Engineers with a focus primarily on improving our delivery platform, release management tooling and processes. While the backend engineers approach their responsibilities from a software developer point of view, the SREs approach the same problems from the operational perspective and collaborate closely on finding an optimal solution that will safely and quickly deliver code to various supported environments.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>What you\u2019ll do:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Guarantees the\u00a0GitLab Release Process.<\/li>\n<li>Creates new tools to automate the release process.<\/li>\n<li>Builds new GitLab release features to replace existing custom tooling.<\/li>\n<li>Works with individual teams on defining and implementing solutions that will help them release quicker.<\/li>\n<li>Creates frameworks that allow engineers to write code that scales with demand.<\/li>\n<li>Helps teams instrument their code and helps recognize parts of code that could benefit from increased observability.<\/li>\n<li>Works closely with peer Infrastructure teams to control the impact of application code running in user facing products.<\/li>\n<li>Helps communicate the release schedule clearly with others.<\/li>\n<li>Develop monitoring and alerting to measure release process velocity.<\/li>\n<li>Identify process bottlenecks and introduce optimizations.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>What you\u2019ll bring:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Boundless curiosity and a demonstrable ability to learn.<\/li>\n<li>Experience working on large scale systems.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with release processes and tooling.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with different deployment strategies.<\/li>\n<li>Hands on experience with Kubernetes.<\/li>\n<li>A strong application and systems observability background.<\/li>\n<li>A product development mindset when developing new components.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>About the team:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>The Delivery Group\u00a0is responsible for guaranteeing and improving the software delivery for GitLab.com, as well as self-managed users by improving the release management tooling and processes. Delivery engineers work closely with teams across Development, Quality, Security, and Reliability Engineering to ensure features are delivered in a safe, scalable and efficient fashion.<\/p>\n<p>Please note that we welcome interest from candidates with varying levels of experience; many successful candidates do not meet every single requirement. Additionally, studies have shown that people from\u00a0underrepresented groups\u00a0are less likely to apply to a job unless they meet every single qualification. If you&#8217;re excited about this role, please apply and allow our recruiters to assess your application.<\/p>\n<p><strong>Country Hiring Guidelines: <\/strong>GitLab hires new team members in countries around the world. All of our roles are remote, however some roles may carry specific location-based eligibility requirements. Our Talent Acquisition team can help answer any questions about location after starting the recruiting process.<\/p>\n<\/div>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:49:50"},{"id":95727,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/95727-customer-operations-talent-community","jobSlug":"95727-customer-operations-talent-community","jobTitle":"Customer Operations, Talent Community","companyName":"PointClickCare","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/02\/94d5c7bae5858d7e126022ed422c639c.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Customer Success"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Anywhere","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"For more than 20 years, PointClickCare has been\u00a0the backbone of senior care. We\u2019ve amassed the\u00a0richest\u00a0senior care dataset making our\u00a0market density untouchable and our connections to the healthcare ecosystem exponentially more powerful than those of any other platform. With Collective Medical &amp; Audacious Inquiry, we\u2019ve become the most expansive, full-continuum care collaboration network, offering care teams&#8230;","jobDescription":"<div class=\"section page-centered\" data-qa=\"job-description\">\n<div>For more than 20 years, PointClickCare has been\u00a0the backbone of senior care. We\u2019ve amassed the\u00a0richest\u00a0senior care dataset making our\u00a0market density untouchable and our connections to the healthcare ecosystem exponentially more powerful than those of any other platform.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>With Collective Medical &amp; Audacious Inquiry, we\u2019ve become the most expansive, full-continuum care collaboration network, offering care teams immediate, point-of-care access to deep, real-time insights at every stage of a patient\u2019s journey.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>Are you a Customer Operations Professional working in Healthcare, SaaS, or Enterprise Software and feel PointClickCare may be the place for you?!\u00a0 Working at PointClickCare goes beyond the resume, because the work we perform makes a true difference in people\u2019s lives. We build innovative healthcare technology for seniors and their caregivers that improve their quality of life and well-being on a daily basis. We believe work is so much more meaningful when you\u2019re doing it with a higher purpose.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>Just because we don\u2019t have any positions posted currently that fit your skills and experience doesn\u2019t mean that we aren\u2019t interested.\u00a0 We are always looking for the best and brightest and would love the opportunity to keep you informed about our most recent positions being posted and exciting information about PointClickCare.<\/div>\n<h2><strong>Some of the key areas we are expanding in are<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Operations &#8211; Customer Support<\/li>\n<li>Operations &#8211; Professional Services<\/li>\n<li>Operations &#8211; Educational Services<\/li>\n<li>Operations &#8211; Implementation<\/li>\n<li>Operations &#8211; Vendor Integration Services (VIS)<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<div>If you are as passionate as we are about Healthcare and making a positive difference in people\u2019s lives, please join us here and we look forward to getting know you!<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\" data-qa=\"closing-description\">\n<div>It is the policy of PointClickCare to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, religion, national origin, status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or domestic\/civil partnership status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law. PointClickCare welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. Please contact recruitment@pointclickcare.com should you require any accommodations.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>When you apply for a position, your information is processed and stored with Lever, in accordance with\u00a0Lever\u2019s Privacy Policy. We use this information to evaluate your candidacy for the posted position. We also store this information, and may use it in relation to future positions to which you apply, or which we believe may be relevant to you given your background. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your information, we will either delete or anonymize it.\u00a0 If you have any questions about how PointClickCare uses or processes your information, or if you would like to ask to access, correct, or delete your information, please contact PointClickCare\u2019s human resources team:\u00a0recruitment@pointclickcare.com<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>PointClickCare is committed to Information Security. By applying to this position, if hired, you commit to following our information security policies and procedures and making every effort to secure confidential and\/or sensitive information.<\/div>\n<\/div>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:48:10"},{"id":110685,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/110685-marketing-data-insights-analyst","jobSlug":"110685-marketing-data-insights-analyst","jobTitle":"Marketing Data &amp; Insights Analyst","companyName":"PointClickCare","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/02\/94d5c7bae5858d7e126022ed422c639c.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Marketing &amp; Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Canada","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"At PointClickCare, we offer a wealth of opportunities and a vibrant culture that empowers our employees. Our dynamic environment is the perfect place to advance your career while engaging in meaningful work alongside incredible colleagues. Here, you\u2019ll discover a space where your talents can thrive, your career can grow, and your work will have a&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>At PointClickCare, we offer a wealth of opportunities and a vibrant culture that empowers our employees. Our dynamic environment is the perfect place to advance your career while engaging in meaningful work alongside incredible colleagues. Here, you\u2019ll discover a space where your talents can thrive, your career can grow, and your work will have a lasting impact on healthcare across North America. We believe that work becomes profoundly fulfilling when driven by a higher purpose.<\/p>\n<p>Join us and be part of a team that is making a real impact.<\/p>\n<h2><b>Position Summary<\/b><\/h2>\n<p>As a Marketing Data &amp; Insights Analyst, you will fully immerse yourself in structured problem solving and data analysis, with the goal of developing compelling, synthesized insights and recommendations that support our growth strategy. You will work with cross-functional teams and multiple data sets to monitor trends driving our performance, identifying strategies for improvement, and using data-derived insights to frame key decisions for our leaders. You will use storytelling skills to persuasively communicate your recommendations to leadership and mobilize teams towards execution. Enabling the development of a \u201cbeat the previous week\u201d culture. Asking the right questions, getting the right answers to those questions, turning those answers into optimization actions.<\/p>\n<h2>Key Responsibilities<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Look at and analyze trends of campaign performance to provide actionable insights that support growth strategy to meet our goals.<\/li>\n<li>Track, measure and report digital performance to ROI, through all technology platforms and digital channels against planned KPI\u2019s, goals and deliver actionable insights and recommendations<\/li>\n<li>Manage the insights strategy and perform analysis on: how customers are responding to marketing messages and content, which paths customers are taking, when are customers buying, and what customers who buy look like and create action plans focused on optimization<\/li>\n<li>Partner with all Marketing functions and ensure compliance to set and agreed technology integration processes and SLAs to keep performance measurement as accurate as possible and flexible to support the organizations scalability and growth<\/li>\n<li>Act as a project manager for the marketing analytics team, helping the team stay up to date with documentation and data governance<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Organization<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Works cross functionally with: Marketing Functional Leadership and Teams members, Executive Leadership team, Marketing Operations, Shared Services and COE, Business Operations, CTS, Sales Operations, Customer Success Operations, Marketing Data Governance and others tbc.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Success Metrics<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Stakeholder satisfaction with timely output of a continuous performance reporting model<\/li>\n<li>Adoption of self-serve reporting by key stakeholders<\/li>\n<li>Effectiveness\/accuracy of key insights reporting capabilities<\/li>\n<li>Ability to manage different kinds of stakeholders and work collaboratively to achieve common goals<\/li>\n<li>Ability to drive data driven decision making<\/li>\n<li>Timely completion of regular tasks<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Required Experience<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Diploma, degree or relevant certifications in Data Management, Analytics, Mathematics and\/or Computer Science<\/li>\n<li>5+ years of Digital B2B Marketing Analytics and\/or performance measurement and story-telling reporting experience.<\/li>\n<li>Awareness and understanding of current and future industry trends, technology and best practices related to Buyer Journey Engagement and Lifecycle Marketing Performance<\/li>\n<li>Experience in high growth, fast paced, heavily matrixed organizations<\/li>\n<li>Experience in analyzing content performance specific to its ability to move buyers through the buying funnel and provide insights to optimize content strategy in campaigns<\/li>\n<li>Experience in Using available tools and resources to gather data and translate it into easy-to-understand actionable growth strategies to be shared with marketing leadership teams<\/li>\n<li>Experience in working with marketing, sales and SDR teams with strong presence and presentation skills in a fast paced environment<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Skills\/Behaviors<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Business acumen, strategic thinking, business process development, analytical and problem-solving skills<\/li>\n<li>Proven interpersonal and relationship management skills, with ability to obtain consensus among multiple stakeholders<\/li>\n<li>Strong collaborative teamwork orientation with an ability to work effectively in a constantly changing environment, requiring ongoing re-evaluation of priorities<\/li>\n<li>Detail oriented with ability to translate quantitative data analytics into actionable recommendations<\/li>\n<li>Ability to communicate and present story-telling insights in ways that Marketing team members as well as Marketing and Executive Leadership and other functions will understand and take decision<\/li>\n<li>Curious Analytical thinker, you find and solve problems to increase performance<\/li>\n<li>Rational\/logical<\/li>\n<li>Flexible\/adaptable<\/li>\n<li>Service-oriented<\/li>\n<li>Penchant for learning<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Knowledge<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>B2B digital marketing ecosystem and how its success can be measured and insights derives for data driven decision making<\/li>\n<li>Measurement, reporting and analytical techniques and their application to marketing challenges<\/li>\n<li>Experience in working with Salesforce, Google Analytics. Good to have : Big Query, python, Marketo, Bizible<\/li>\n<li>Experience in working in data visualization tools like Power BI, Looker studio<\/li>\n<li>Experience with Google Analytics, Salesforce, Data Studio, PowerBI<\/li>\n<\/ul>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:48:01"},{"id":111564,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/111564-consultative-inside-sales-rep","jobSlug":"111564-consultative-inside-sales-rep","jobTitle":"Consultative Inside Sales Rep","companyName":"Alpine Home Air","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/08\/42df320eb62c641346efb215ee4e9698.png","jobIndustry":["Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"Alpine is a team of forward-thinking innovators working to provide intelligent heating and cooling solutions to homeowners. We are the first and largest e-commerce retailer of heating and air conditioning equipment. Our mission is to reduce global warming through the use of high-efficiency and all-electric HVAC equipment, while providing a unique shopping experience for customers&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>Alpine is a team of forward-thinking innovators working to provide intelligent heating and cooling solutions to homeowners. We are the first and largest e-commerce retailer of heating and air conditioning equipment. Our mission is to reduce global warming through the use of high-efficiency and all-electric HVAC equipment, while providing a unique shopping experience for customers that makes the process fun and easy. By creating a great experience for our customers, we have a strong following of repeat customers and the highest ratings in the industry at 4.85 (out of 5) in satisfaction.<strong>This is a permanent work-from-home position, with an average pay of $112,000.<\/strong>We are looking for\u00a0<em>top sales performers<\/em>\u00a0with a demonstrated history of success, those who truly enjoy offering consultative solutions to customers and closing business.<\/p>\n<p>How much can you make?<strong>\u00a0The average annual pay of all of our sales reps is $112,000, and the top 1\/3rd of our reps average $143,000.\u00a0<\/strong>There are\u00a0<strong>no caps<\/strong>\u00a0on pay &#8211; the better you do, the more you make.<\/p>\n<p>What&#8217;s an average day like? You will speak with about 20 new warm inbound leads and have about 60 outbound customer follow-ups with people you&#8217;ve previously spoken to. Our customers are homeowners, contractors and small business owners from around the country, and you will be recommending HVAC products that are specifically tailored to their individual needs.<\/p>\n<p>No prior HVAC experience is required. Training on HVAC and our sales process is provided in the first month, with ongoing training conducted throughout the year.<\/p>\n<h2>Requirements<\/h2>\n<p>A successful Sales Representative at Alpine:<\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>Offers consistent, genuinely helpful service to our customers &#8211; and enjoys helping people<\/li>\n<li>Possesses excellent verbal communication skills with good voice modulation, and is also a great listener<\/li>\n<li>Has a successful track record of phone sales and<strong>\u00a0is a closer<\/strong><\/li>\n<li>Experience navigating computers and CRM systems<\/li>\n<li>Uses creativity and ingenuity to overcome objections<\/li>\n<li>Takes initiative and is resourceful<\/li>\n<li>Has a competitive spirit, without compromising the team or customer experience<\/li>\n<li>Has an aptitude for grasping and retaining technical concepts and is able to explain them in easily digestible terms for the customer<\/li>\n<li>Is a problem solver, enthusiastically taking on the challenges of determining what customers need<\/li>\n<li>Is organized with strong follow-through<\/li>\n<li>Is a responsible, reliable professional<\/li>\n<li>Has discipline and strong accountability to maintain high standards for metrics, call quality and structure<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Benefits<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Group health insurance plus health savings account, 401k, paid time off, paid holidays, life insurance, short-term disability and more<\/li>\n<li>Paid educational and professional development training<\/li>\n<li>Work-from-home (remote)<\/li>\n<li>All computer equipment and training will be provided<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>Started in 2002, we are the first ecommerce company to sell pro-grade heating and cooling units directly to homeowners. As a team of forward-thinking innovators, we are working to provide HVAC solutions to homeowners in a way that:<\/p>\n<ol>\n<li>Leads Americans away from using low efficiency and non-renewable HVAC appliances and towards high efficiency and all-electric ones, a key requirement for reducing the country\u2019s dependency on fossil fuels and to slow global warming;<\/li>\n<li>Provides a shopping experience for customers that\u2019s so easy it\u2019s almost fun, having them exclaim \u201cwow!\u201d, enabled through extreme operational competency; and<\/li>\n<li>Prioritizes a harmonious win for customers, team members, the company and the environment.<\/li>\n<\/ol>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:46:18","annualSalaryMin":"112000","annualSalaryMax":"","salaryCurrency":"USD"},{"id":105116,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/105116-senior-security-analyst","jobSlug":"105116-senior-security-analyst","jobTitle":"Senior Security Analyst","companyName":"Identify Security","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/01\/7c0b94e564e8ef6395d8fa00b37fe2d9.png","jobIndustry":["Product &amp; Operations"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Anywhere","jobLevel":"Senior","jobExcerpt":"We are seeking a highly skilled and motivated Security Generalist with expertise in Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) to join our dynamic team. The ideal candidate will play a crucial role in ensuring the organization&#8217;s security controls align with best practices. This role requires a comprehensive understanding of security governance, risk management, and compliance frameworks&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>We are seeking a highly skilled and motivated Security Generalist with expertise in Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) to join our dynamic team. The ideal candidate will play a crucial role in ensuring the organization&#8217;s security controls align with best practices. This role requires a comprehensive understanding of security governance, risk management, and compliance frameworks as well as a general understanding of other security areas. The Senior Security Analyst &#8211; GRC is a key role in Client&#8217;s rapidly growing security team, focused on security transformation across our business units.<\/p>\n<h2 class=\"jobs-green-highlight\">Basic Qualifications<\/h2>\n<div class=\"job-description w-richtext\">\n<ul>\n<li><strong>Action Oriented &amp; Drive for Results:<\/strong> Enjoys working hard; is action oriented and full of energy for the things seen as challenging; not fearful of action with minimum of planning; seizes opportunity to drive business objectives forward. Can be counted on to meet or exceed goals successfully; is consistent in performance and strives to be a top performer; very bottom line oriented; steadfastly pushes self and other for results. Uses rigorous logic and methods to solve difficult problems with effective solutions; probes all fruitful sources for answers; can see hidden problems; is excellent at honest analysis; looks beyond the obvious and doesn\u2019t stop at the first answers.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Critical Thinking &amp; Continuous Development:<\/strong> Can effectively cope with change; can shift gears comfortably; ability to synthesize objectives across the organization and take<em>\u00a0appropriate<\/em> action without having the total picture; isn\u2019t upset when things are up in the air; can comfortably handle risk and uncertainty. Learns quickly when facing new problems; a relentless and versatile learner; open to change; analyzes both successes and failures for clues to improvement; experiments and will try anything to find solutions; enjoys the challenge of unfamiliar tasks; quickly grasps the essence and the underlying structure of anything. Deals with concepts and complexity comfortably; capable, and agile. Applies new learnings to enhance productivity and quality of the work without prompting. Seeks and applies efficiencies in day-to-day work, constantly improving and streamlining processes to achieve company objectives.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Communication &amp; Relationship Building:<\/strong> Has the ability to perceive reactions via non-verbal signals of others, reason with others to promote thinking and cognitive activity, understand drivers of decisions by interpreting the cause of other\u2019s reactions and what it may mean, and manage relationships by working collaboratively to reach the best outcome for the company. Is dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal and external customers; gets first-hand customer information and uses it for improvements in products and services; acts with customers in mind; establishes and maintains effective relationships with customers and gains their trust and respect. Actively and consistently seeks to work cooperatively with others, inside and outside the organization, to accomplish objectives to build and maintain mutually beneficial partnerships, leverage information, and achieve results. Serves as a collaboration catalyst that motivates others to want to collaborate as well.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<h2 class=\"jobs-green-highlight\">Responsibilities<\/h2>\n<div class=\"job-description w-richtext\">\n<ul role=\"list\">\n<li>5+ years of experience in information security, risk management, and\/or compliance roles.<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrated experience performing technical and procedural risk assessments, creating risk registers, measuring security control health, and\/or reporting risks to internal stakeholders.<\/li>\n<li>Hands-on experience with security tooling (such as external vulnerability scanners, cloud security tools, etc.) is preferred.<\/li>\n<li>Professional certifications such as CISSP or CRISC are preferred.<\/li>\n<li>In-depth knowledge of security frameworks, standards, and regulations such as NIST and CIS.<\/li>\n<li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:44:02"},{"id":111562,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/111562-affiliate-account-associate","jobSlug":"111562-affiliate-account-associate","jobTitle":"Affiliate Account Associate","companyName":"StackCommerce","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/11\/c92e4e8e219e4ec5f5bd0f0efb008ae8.jpg","jobIndustry":["Marketing &amp; Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"BrandCycle is looking to hire an Affiliate Account Associate for a 100% remote position. This role works closely with the Brand team to foster and grow retailer opportunities for our affiliate community. This individual will be an integral member of brand-related business decisions. This is a great opportunity to get in with a fast-growing team&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>BrandCycle is looking to hire an Affiliate Account Associate for a 100% remote position. This role works closely with the Brand team to foster and grow retailer opportunities for our affiliate community. This individual will be an integral member of brand-related business decisions. This is a great opportunity to get in with a fast-growing team at a pivotal time in the company\u2019s growth.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>What You\u2019ll Do<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ol>\n<li><strong>Brand Management:\u00a0<\/strong>Actively manage affiliate brand relationships. Act as day-to-day point person on growing brands\u2019 sales revenue with BrandCycle\u2019s affiliate and influencer network.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Brand Investments:<\/strong>\u00a0Work with brand team managers to secure commission increases, paid placement fees and influencer campaigns from brands, aligned with company-wide and individual growth goals. Provide end-to-end management of secured investments.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Brand Campaigns:\u00a0<\/strong>Liaison with internal influencer and marketing teams to schedule and execute brand campaigns. Overseeing timing, message and quality of all brand merchandising. Merchandising channels include email, social media, on-site, network and mobile notifications.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Brand Reporting:<\/strong>\u00a0Work with data team to package and communicate campaign deliverables and results back to brands, securing recurring investments when appropriate.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Merchandising Communications:\u00a0<\/strong>Act as a front-line communicator for BrandCycle\u2019s new and existing affiliate retailer relationships. Daily communication includes asset collection, placement scheduling and clip distribution.<\/li>\n<\/ol>\n<h2><strong>The Ideal Candidate Is<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ol>\n<li><strong>A Go-Getter<\/strong>\n<ul>\n<li>A naturally competitive person who is energetic and motivated by securing new opportunities.<\/li>\n<li>Thrives on being able to create win\/win scenarios for our brand and creator communities.<\/li>\n<li>An excellent communicator who can deal with new or difficult situations easily.<\/li>\n<li>Has a proven track record of developing and managing relationships with key stakeholders.<\/li>\n<li>A self-starter who can independently manage relationships end-to-end with very little oversight.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/li>\n<li><strong>Goals Driven<\/strong>\n<ul>\n<li>Deadline driven and operates well under pressure.<\/li>\n<li>Highly analytical and enjoys the challenge of reaching and exceeding revenue goals.<\/li>\n<li>Understands KPIs and other key business metrics to measure success.<\/li>\n<li>Has the ability to continually identify new opportunities and connect with new brands.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/li>\n<li><strong>A Fast-Learner<\/strong>\n<ul>\n<li>Interested in the digital marketing space e-commerce space and up-to-speed on the latest trends.<\/li>\n<li>Comfortable with and thrives using new and emerging technology and media channels.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/li>\n<\/ol>\n<h2><strong>Minimum Qualifications &amp; Skills<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Minimum of 1 year of experience in affiliate marketing<\/li>\n<li>Knowledge of affiliate networks and SaaS platforms (Impact, Commission Junction, ShareASale, Awin, Rakuten, Tune, etc.)<\/li>\n<li>Track record of building and cultivating relationships with affiliate brand managers.<\/li>\n<li>Is comfortable with new and emerging digital platforms and tools<\/li>\n<li>Highly proficient at Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint<\/li>\n<li>Proven excellence in exceeding revenue goals<\/li>\n<li>Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills<\/li>\n<li>Experience with Mailchimp, a plus<\/li>\n<li>Experience with sales, and\/or business development experience, a plus<\/li>\n<li>Bachelor\u2019s degree required<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Compensation:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>Our overall compensation and rewards package includes base pay, bonus or commission, and a variety of benefits. Base pay is determined within a range that allows you the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role.\u00a0 The anticipated annualized salary range for this role is $55,300-$74,900 (this range may be modified in the future based on changing market conditions).\u00a0 Your initial base pay will be determined based on several factors, including demonstrated skills, relevant education or training, experience, qualifications, travel requirements, and job location.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Benefits + Perks:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>As a company, we have a lot to offer for the right candidate:<\/p>\n<ul>\n<li><strong>Health Benefits:<\/strong>\u00a0We offer medical, dental, vision, life, and short-term and long-term disability insurance.<\/li>\n<li><strong>401K:<\/strong>\u00a0Eligible on your first day of employment.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Super Flex Time:<\/strong>\u00a0Run errands as needed, just get your stuff done.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Unlimited Vacation:<\/strong>\u00a0Take time to unwind with unlimited PTO, plus an office closure between Christmas and New Year\u2019s.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Generous Parental Leave Program:<\/strong>\u00a012 weeks of paid pregnancy disability and baby bonding leave, as well as 4 weeks of paid paternity leave.<\/li>\n<li><strong>WFH Office:\u00a0<\/strong>Home office stipend and internet dollars to set you up for success.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Events:<\/strong>\u00a0Happy hours, team bonding budgets, culture events (even while remote!) and an annual company offsite.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p><em>BrandCycle\/StackCommerce values a diverse workplace and strongly encourages people of color, LGBTQIA+, GNC, and NB individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, and veterans to apply. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support diverse cultures, perspectives, skills, and experiences within our workforce.<\/em><\/p>\n<p><em>BrandCycle\/StackCommerce is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will not be discriminated against because of race, color, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, religion, national origin, citizenship status, disability, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, or any protected category prohibited by local, state or federal laws<\/em><\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:43:19","annualSalaryMin":"55300","annualSalaryMax":"74900","salaryCurrency":"USD"},{"id":104065,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/104065-content-writer-copywriter","jobSlug":"104065-content-writer-copywriter","jobTitle":"Editorial Project Manger - Social","companyName":"Designit","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/03\/0802726040e35f2f86749890d2cbb6ba.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Copywriting &amp; Content"],"jobType":["contract"],"jobGeo":"LATAM,  Canada,  USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"Want to be part of an amazing team, hell-bent on crafting a better future? We\u2019re always looking for creative people who care! We are analysts. Creators. Designers. Doers. Dreamers. Explorers. Geeks. Hipsters. Leaders. Learners. Renegades. Seekers. Strategists. Visionaries. And we fundamentally believe that we\u2019re better together. Would you like to Create content for product blogging,&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>Want to be part of an amazing team, hell-bent on crafting a better future? We\u2019re always looking for creative people who care!<\/p>\n<p>We are analysts. Creators. Designers. Doers. Dreamers. Explorers. Geeks. Hipsters. Leaders. Learners. Renegades. Seekers. Strategists. Visionaries. And we fundamentally believe that we\u2019re better together.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Would you like to<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Create content for product blogging, and community event amplification.<\/li>\n<li>Write articles, newsletters, and communication materials for social media channels.<\/li>\n<li>Develop community-specific communications including posts, blogs, carousel, and other program materials.<\/li>\n<li>Post content across various platforms.<\/li>\n<li>Manage communications within including launches, new programs, and super users.<\/li>\n<li>Support the development and management of editorial calendars for community content.<\/li>\n<li>Manage monthly newsletters.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>We would like you to have<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Write short and long form copy<\/li>\n<li>2+ years of experience in social media; familiarity with social media platforms.<\/li>\n<li>Excellent verbal &amp; written communication.<\/li>\n<li>Adobe Photoshop experience preferred.<\/li>\n<li>Strong organizational and project management skills, with the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously, while working under pressure to meet very tight deadlines.<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrates an understanding of brands and branding, strategy, and target audience knowledge.<\/li>\n<li>Comes with a shared ownership mindset and the confidence to take a risk.<\/li>\n<li>Proven experience establishing strong and collaborative relationships across various internal and external stakeholders.<\/li>\n<li>Analytics and reporting: Prepare regular reports providing insights and recommendations for optimization.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Would you like to join a global organization that<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Embraces work-life balance \u2013 our employees\u2019 well-being remains a top priority for us<\/li>\n<li>Promotes a culture of learning and advocacy across the globe &#8211; diversity will enable us to strengthen our impact<\/li>\n<li>Encourages innovation and experimentation<\/li>\n<li>Understands that changes will occur and adaptability is crucial to assist when it does<\/li>\n<li>Emphasizes and rewards collaboration<\/li>\n<li>Has a work from anywhere attitude\u2014from home, coffeehouse, or at one of studios around the globe<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p><strong>Compensation Range: $45 &#8211; $50\/hour<\/strong><\/p>\n<p>This compensation range is indicative of the role. Compensation offered is on the basis of evaluation during interview process, the candidates range and depth of experience, business and market financials and internal pay parity.<\/p>\n<p>Please note that all official communications regarding this job opportunity will be sent from email addresses ending with @designit.com. Be cautious of any correspondence originating from other email domains and refrain from sharing personal information in such cases.<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:40:48"},{"id":104066,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/104066-senior-data-engineer-7","jobSlug":"104066-senior-data-engineer-7","jobTitle":"Staff Security Engineer","companyName":"OpenSea","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/02\/c66c7f48ebd8a4287d879b26995a5edc.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Software Engineering"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"We are seeking a Staff Security Engineer who will be responsible for preventing, detecting, and responding to all manner of security incidents that impact the company, on and off chain. The Security Engineer will be deeply involved with overall detection and response strategy, development and deployment of cutting edge tools, forward-thinking policy development, and stewarding&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>We are seeking a Staff Security Engineer who will be responsible for preventing, detecting, and responding to all manner of security incidents that impact the company, on and off chain. The Security Engineer will be deeply involved with overall detection and response strategy, development and deployment of cutting edge tools, forward-thinking policy development, and stewarding a culture of security across the company.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Responsibilities:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Design and build a cutting-edge detection platform from the ground up, serving as the central hub for processing and analyzing vast quantities of log data. Develop mechanisms to reduce noise, increase signal, and automate the prioritization of high-value alerts.<\/li>\n<li>Spearhead the development of infrastructure to integrate, consolidate, and contextualize existing data sources and third-party integrations to enhance detection capabilities.<\/li>\n<li>Architect scalable, automated solutions for detecting and responding to security threats across endpoints, cloud environments, and networks.<\/li>\n<li>Lead efforts to design and implement systems that enable comprehensive monitoring and security hardening of endpoints and cloud environments, ensuring they are resilient against emerging threats and vulnerabilities.<\/li>\n<li>Develop and integrate advanced threat detection signals leveraging threat intelligence and behavioral analysis to identify malicious activity early and prevent incidents.<\/li>\n<li>Automate detection workflows and repetitive security processes to improve operational efficiency and allow rapid response to potential threats.<\/li>\n<li>Collaborate with engineering teams to embed detection capabilities across the technology stack, ensuring security measures are integrated into systems from inception through deployment.<\/li>\n<li>Design and deploy monitoring tools for tracking activities across distributed systems, with a focus on detecting anomalies, vulnerabilities, and potential security risks in real-time.<\/li>\n<li>Utilize expertise in programming languages such as Go, Rust, or Python to develop and maintain detection tooling, as well as build custom integrations for security systems and processes.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Desired Experience:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>5+ years of experience working within security engineering with expertise in forensics, Malware Analysis, Intrusion Detection and incident response.<\/li>\n<li>Expertise with AWS (preferred), GCP, or other cloud providers<\/li>\n<li>4-5+ years of experience in detection engineering, rules development, SIEM experience (ex, ELK, Splunk et al), EDR such as SentinelOne (what we use), CarbonBlack, etc<\/li>\n<li>Start-up experience<\/li>\n<li>Proficient in one or more programming languages, such as Java, Go, PowerShell, Node.js, C#, Python, and Ruby.<\/li>\n<li>Deep knowledge and experience modeling threats aligned to the MITRE ATT&amp;CK framework and Lockheed Killchain model<\/li>\n<li>SANS certification (504, 508, 578) a bonus.<\/li>\n<li>A strong interest in blockchain technology, with either prior experience or a significant curiosity and enthusiasm to learn.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>The base salary for this full-time position, which spans across multiple internal levels depending on qualifications, ranges between $185,000 to $340,000 plus benefits &amp; equity.<\/p>\n<p>If you don&#8217;t think you meet all of the criteria below but still are interested in the job, please apply. Nobody checks every box, and we&#8217;re looking for someone who is excited to join the team.<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:40:44","annualSalaryMin":"185000","annualSalaryMax":"340000","salaryCurrency":"USD"},{"id":109576,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/109576-senior-software-engineer-api-gateway-europe","jobSlug":"109576-senior-software-engineer-api-gateway-europe","jobTitle":"Senior Software Engineer, API Gateway (Europe)","companyName":"Kong Inc.","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/03\/f43352b801f4c6854ba70c5f70cec7cd.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Software Engineering"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Europe","jobLevel":"Senior","jobExcerpt":"Your main responsibility will be developing, maintaining and extending the Kong Gateway, on both its Open-source and the Enterprise versions. You will engage with the Open Source community, and work closely with other teams in the company to improve it. You will be responsible for building foundations for other teams and customers, discovering and producing&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>Your main responsibility will be developing, maintaining and extending the Kong Gateway, on both its Open-source and the Enterprise versions. You will engage with the Open Source community, and work closely with other teams in the company to improve it. You will be responsible for building foundations for other teams and customers, discovering and producing cutting edge industry trends and use-cases.<\/p>\n<p>The job is fully remote for people in Europe. Kong can currently hire in Ireland, Italy, Spain, Germany, Netherlands, Poland, Sweden, France or the United Kingdom.<\/p>\n<h2>You will and other duties:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Work with the Product management team to identify and implement enhancements.<\/li>\n<li>Work closely with engineering teams to architecture, design, and understand upcoming new features.<\/li>\n<li>Bug fixing, performance tuning and low-level optimizations.<\/li>\n<li>Engage with the open source community.<\/li>\n<li>Provide help to the support and escalation teams.<\/li>\n<li>Mentoring and pairing with other team members.<\/li>\n<li>And any additional tasks required by manager.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>What We Look For:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Comfortable working in a remote distributed team, with minimal supervision.<\/li>\n<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills, both as a means to work with others and to write documentation.<\/li>\n<li>Solid hands-on low-level technical expertise for Linux systems troubleshooting, and profiling.<\/li>\n<li>Experience in any of the following: IdP\/AuthZ systems and integration, monitoring and profiling systems, network traffic inspection.<\/li>\n<li>At least 2 years of experience working with Rust<\/li>\n<li>Experience designing, prototyping, building and debugging applications that are highly scalable, distributed, reliable and resilient.<\/li>\n<li>Familiarity with a scripting language. Lua would be the ideal, but Perl, Python, or Ruby also serve.<\/li>\n<li>You&#8217;ve spent time developing and supporting a large scale SaaS platform.<\/li>\n<li>You have at least 5-ish years working in a team to develop, package and deliver server-side applications and components.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Bonus Points:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Experience with NGINX\/OpenResty\/Kong\/LuaJIT.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with Envoy or Istio.<\/li>\n<li>Understanding of VM implementations like eBPF and\/or WASM.<\/li>\n<\/ul>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:39:15"},{"id":111561,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/111561-business-value-consultant","jobSlug":"111561-business-value-consultant","jobTitle":"Business Value Consultant","companyName":"Semrush","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2023\/07\/c835ab611a8e5f3da3afc600bf0374b6.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Ireland,  Spain,  UK","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"We are Semrush, a global IT company developing our own product\u2014a platform for digital marketers. New stars are born here, so don\u2019t miss your chance. This is our Business Value Consultant role for those who strive to implement functional processes and drive them to full completion. We are looking for a strategic thinker with a&#8230;","jobDescription":"<div class=\"ContentBlock-sc-mcgbtg-0 fqwMJO\">\n<p dir=\"ltr\">We are Semrush, a global IT company developing our own product\u2014a platform for digital marketers. New stars are born here, so don\u2019t miss your chance. This is our Business Value Consultant role for those who strive to implement functional processes and drive them to full completion. We are looking for a strategic thinker with a passion for problem-solving and a deep understanding of business value consulting. You should be comfortable working with multiple teams and adept at using data-driven insights to create successful outcomes.<\/p>\n<h2>Tasks in the role<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Partner with sales and product teams to measure and articulate the value Semrush provides to our customers<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Develop methodologies to quantify financial, strategic, and operational benefits for both new business and expansion opportunities<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Craft high-impact, executive-level narratives and presentations for C-suite executives<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Build compelling business case presentations and ROI analyses to communicate the financial impact of adopting Semrush\u2019s solutions<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Conduct research on customer business processes, market trends, and industry insights<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Extract KPIs and value stories from customer data<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Create and maintain assets for internal teams to leverage, including self-service value frameworks and calculators for addressing customer value-related questions<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Provide thought leadership, training, and consultative support to sales and other teams<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"ContentBlock-sc-mcgbtg-0 fqwMJO\">\n<h2>Who we are looking for<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">2+ years of professional experience, ideally with 1+ years in a solutions services role<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Experience in client\/account support, working collaboratively with Sales, Solution Engineers, Product, Marketing, and Customer Success teams<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Experience with quantitative analysis and financial modeling<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Strong verbal and written communication skills, including building presentations<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Passion for problem-solving and strategic thinking<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>They say there are no perfect candidates, but that might well be you, if<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">You have expertise in software B2B business models, functional expertise in sales systems, or equivalent<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Experienced with SEO and digital marketing tools, particularly Semrush, is a plus<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Direct experience in management consulting, sales operations, or equivalent<\/li>\n<li dir=\"ltr\">Experience in developing value hypotheses, business cases, and commercial proposals<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>A bit about the team<\/h2>\n<p>You can get to know the team better at one of the interviews, but some brief information about future colleagues will be useful now. The Business Value Consulting (BVC) team at Semrush is dedicated to creating long-term value for our customers. We work closely with our sales, product, and marketing teams to develop strategies that drive customer success and growth. Our goal is to help our customers understand the strategic value of our products and services and to articulate the financial and operational benefits they provide.<\/p>\n<h4>We will try to create all the right conditions for you to work and rest comfortably:<\/h4>\n<ul>\n<li>This offer stands for remote work format. But you are always welcome in our offices, for work or fun times.<\/li>\n<li>Flexible working day start<\/li>\n<li>Unlimited PTO<\/li>\n<li>Hobby benefit<\/li>\n<li>Breakfast, snacks, and coffee at the office<\/li>\n<li>Corporate events<\/li>\n<li>Training, courses, conferences<\/li>\n<li>Gifts for employees<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Finally, a little more about our company<\/h2>\n<p>We\u2019ve been developing our product for 16 years and have been awarded G2&#8217;s Top 100 Software Products, Global and US Search Awards 2021, Great Place to Work Certification, Deloitte Technology Fast 500 and many more. In March 2021 Semrush went public and started trading on the NYSE with the SEMR ticker.<\/p>\n<p>10,000,000+ users in America, Europe, Asia, and Australia have already tried Semrush, and over 1,000 people around the world are working on its development. The Semrush team is constantly growing.<\/p>\n<p><em>Semrush is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, creed, color, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, ancestry, physical or mental disability, or medical condition including medical characteristics, genetic identity, marital status, military service, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state or federal laws. All employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements, merit, and individual qualifications.<\/em><\/p>\n<\/div>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:28:38"},{"id":111560,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/111560-outreach-team-manager","jobSlug":"111560-outreach-team-manager","jobTitle":"Outreach Team Manager","companyName":"Uscreen","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2020\/10\/WRILS-201029095734-733605.jpg","jobIndustry":["Marketing &amp; Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Anywhere","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"Uscreen is a profitably growing, bootstrapped, product-led SaaS business changing the way video-based entrepreneurs and creators monetize their content. Our all-in-one video membership platform empowers creators to generate revenue through subscriptions, communities, courses, and live-streamed events across various platforms (web, mobile, and TV). Over 25,000 video creators use Uscreen to sell, market, manage, and expand&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>Uscreen is a profitably growing, bootstrapped, product-led SaaS business changing the way video-based entrepreneurs and creators monetize their content. Our all-in-one video membership platform empowers creators to generate revenue through subscriptions, communities, courses, and live-streamed events across various platforms (web, mobile, and TV).<\/p>\n<p>Over 25,000 video creators use Uscreen to sell, market, manage, and expand their businesses, generating hundreds of millions of dollars in the process.<\/p>\n<p>We are seeking\u00a0an\u00a0Outreach Team Manager\u00a0to join our team. As a key player, you will lead and manage our outreach efforts to build and maintain high-quality relationships with top-tier publications and influencers, ensuring our link-building, digital PR and off-page SEO strategies contribute to our SEO success.<\/p>\n<h2>What you\u2019ll do:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Lead and manage the outreach team, fostering a high-performance culture<\/li>\n<li>Lead and develop outreach and link-building strategies<\/li>\n<li>Create and manage outreach campaigns from start to finish<\/li>\n<li>Develop and maintain contacts and partnerships within leading, high-quality, relevant publications<\/li>\n<li>Ideate, support, and promote linkable asset campaigns<\/li>\n<li>Scale outreach output and wow with email sequences that grab attention and secure brand mentions and links<\/li>\n<li>Analyze, interpret, and present results to various stakeholders, including C-suite executives<\/li>\n<li>Conduct regular 1:1s, catch-ups, and update calls to keep the team happy and on track<\/li>\n<li>Support the professional development of team members, championing their achievements and progression<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Do you have what it takes?<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Minimum of 5 years experience in Outreach roles (in-house experience a plus)<\/li>\n<li>Ideally, some team management experience under your belt already. Even if it\u2019s a team of one!<\/li>\n<li>Diverse campaign experience and strong people management skills<\/li>\n<li>Strong understanding of how digital PR, product mentions, and link-building contribute to SEO success<\/li>\n<li>Comfortable analyzing, interpreting, and presenting results to various stakeholders<\/li>\n<li>Fluent user of Respona, Ahrefs, Google Sheets, Slack, or similar tools<\/li>\n<li>Excellent collaborator, communicator, and team player<\/li>\n<li>Strong organizational and time management skills<\/li>\n<li>Adaptable and resilient in a fast-paced environment<\/li>\n<li>Growth\/solution-based mindset, with an eagerness to learn and improve<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Big Brownie Points if you:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Have experience in the creator economy, online video, or similar industry, demonstrating an understanding of its dynamics, opportunities, and culture<\/li>\n<li>Have demonstrable, successful experience with Digital PR campaigns<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Our commitment to you:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>\u00a0We know your worth and will compensate you competitively.<\/li>\n<li>\u00a0Our unlimited PTO policy encourages every team member to take the time they need to unwind and recharge.<\/li>\n<li>\u00a0Your growth is our growth! We\u2019ll provide you with access to best-in-class training, workshops, and conferences to help you develop and succeed in your role.<\/li>\n<li>\u00a0It\u2019s a marathon, not a sprint. We make sure you have a clear growth plan to help you get to the next level at Uscreen.<\/li>\n<li>\u00a0100% Remote &#8211; Work from wherever your heart desires, as long as you have access to stable internet and a conducive workspace.<\/li>\n<li>\u00a0We also offer flexible parental leave.<\/li>\n<li>\u00a0Your home office should be ergonomic and inspirational to help you make some magic\u00a0\u2728. We\u2019ll give you a generous WFH stipend to help you set one up.<\/li>\n<li> And if WFH is not for you, we\u2019re happy to pay for your coworking space.<\/li>\n<li>\u00a0We\u2019re proud to offer personal development and mental wellness stipend.<\/li>\n<li> \u200b\u200b We host virtual social events filled with fun activities to ensure you feel part of the Uscreen family<\/li>\n<\/ul>","pubDate":"2024-10-14 02:24:14"},{"id":111548,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/111548-senior-full-stack-developer","jobSlug":"111548-senior-full-stack-developer","jobTitle":"Senior Full Stack Developer","companyName":"Astreya","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/02\/964f66282c98416d985eee76dc8b208e.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Software Engineering"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Senior","jobExcerpt":"As a Full Stack Engineer at Astreya, you will be responsible for developing and maintaining Data applications using a variety of technologies. You will work on both the front-end (client-side) and back-end (server-side) of our products, ensuring that they are scalable, reliable, and user-friendly. You will take ownership of the project deliverables and partner with&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>As a Full Stack Engineer at Astreya, you will be responsible for developing and maintaining Data applications using a variety of technologies. You will work on both the front-end (client-side) and back-end (server-side) of our products, ensuring that they are scalable, reliable, and user-friendly. You will take ownership of the project deliverables and partner with product owners, engineering and data platform teams to design, build, test and automate products and applications that are relied upon across the company.<\/p>\n<h2>Job Duties\/Essential Functions<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Develop and maintain high-quality Data applications using a variety of technologies and tools<\/li>\n<li>Development of data pipelines and tables for consolidation and standardization of data related, but not limited to, RL analytics use cases and data sources, as well as enablement of data transformation in a multi-DB construct, including but not limited to: Hive, ODS, MySQL\/XDB, Scuba, in support of business unit and partner team\u2019s objectives<\/li>\n<li>Development of visualizations, as a combination of new development and enhancements to existing dashboards, to support and enhance reporting on metrics and KPIs.<\/li>\n<li>Development and optimization of advanced analytics capabilities, including but not limited to predictive and resource optimization models, as prioritized with the team Project Manager.<\/li>\n<li>Proven and extensive experience of Python and C++ programming, data extraction and data manipulation.<\/li>\n<li>Wide experience and proficiency in various python libraries like SciPy, NumPy, PyTorch, Matplotlib, Pandas using Jupyter Notebook.<\/li>\n<li>Collaborate with product managers, developers, and other stakeholders to ensure that the APIs align with business requirements and technical specifications<\/li>\n<li>Works in tandem with data architects and BI engineers to design data pipelines and recommends ongoing optimization of data storage, data ingestion, data quality and orchestration.<\/li>\n<li>Design, develop, &amp; implement ETL\/ELT processes using standard integration platforms<\/li>\n<li>Write clean, efficient, and well-documented code following best practices and standards<\/li>\n<li>Implements big data and NoSQL solutions by developing scalable data processing platforms to drive high-value insights to the organization.<\/li>\n<li>Strong understanding of CRUD principles and best practices.<\/li>\n<li>Identifies, designs, and implements internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery.<\/li>\n<li>Identifies ways to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality of data management.<\/li>\n<li>Communicates technical concepts to non-technical audiences both in written and verbal form.<\/li>\n<li>Performs peer reviews for other Engineer\u2019s work.<\/li>\n<li>Regular and reliable workplace attendance at your assigned location.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Experience, Skills, Education &amp; Licenses\/Certifications <i>Required:<\/i><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Overall 8+ yrs of IT experience in the information Industry<\/li>\n<li>6+ years\u2019 hands-on experience creating data applications and products.<\/li>\n<li>5+ years\u2019 experience engineering and deploying data pipelines with large and complex datasets.<\/li>\n<li>4+ years of experience with server side languages like React, PHP, Javascript\u00a0 and other front-end frameworks.<\/li>\n<li>3+ years experience with design\/building data pipelines using Python. Experience with implementing libraries and frameworks such as NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, Pandas and Keras.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with APIs and Restful services required.<\/li>\n<li>Experience in troubleshooting and debugging issues with the user interface.<\/li>\n<li>Familiarity with version control systems such as Git<\/li>\n<li>Experience building interactive dashboards using API\u2019s.<\/li>\n<li>Extensive experience working with various data sources (SQL,Oracle database, flat files (csv, delimited), Web API, JSON.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with MYSQL, Hive and HiveQL<\/li>\n<li>Strong understanding of database storage concepts (data lake, relational databases, NoSQL, Graph, data warehousing).<\/li>\n<li>Able to work in a fast-paced agile development environment.<\/li>\n<li>Strong understanding of responsive design principles<\/li>\n<li>Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail<\/li>\n<li>Experience with other front-end libraries and frameworks such as Angular or Vue.js is a plus<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>What can Astreya offer you?<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Employment in the fast-growing IT space providing you with a variety of career options<\/li>\n<li>Opportunity to work with some of the biggest firms in the world as part of the Astreya delivery network<\/li>\n<li>Introduction to new ways of working and awesome technologies<\/li>\n<li>Career paths to help you establish where you want to go<\/li>\n<li>Focus on internal promotion and internal mobility &#8211; we love to build teams from within<\/li>\n<li>Free 24\/7 accessible Professional Development through LinkedIn Learning and other online courses to give you opportunities to up skill at your own pace<\/li>\n<li>Education Assistance<\/li>\n<li>Dedicated management to provide you with on point leadership and care<\/li>\n<li>Numerous on the job perks<\/li>\n<li>Market competitive compensation and insurance, health and wellness benefits<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p><strong>Additional Information<\/strong><\/p>\n<p>Astreya Partners is an equal employment and affirmative action employer. We evaluate qualified applicants on merit and business needs and not on race, color, religion, creed, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, veteran status or any other factor protected by law.<\/p>\n<h2><b>Salary Range<\/b><\/h2>\n<p>$102,600.00 &#8211; $162,000.00 USD (Salary)<\/p>\n<ul>\n<li><i>Please note that the salary information provided herein is base pay only (gross); it does not include other forms of compensation which may or may not apply to this specific position, namely, performance-based bonuses, benefits-related payments, or other general incentives &#8211; none of which are guaranteed, may be subject to specific eligibility requirements, and are wholly within the discretion of Astreya to remit.<\/i><\/li>\n<li><i>Further, the salary information noted above is a range that consists of a minimum and maximum rate of pay for this specific position. Where an applicant or employee is placed on this range will depend and be contingent on objective, documented work-related considerations like education, experience, certifications, licenses, preferred qualifications, among other factors.<\/i><\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><b>Astreya <\/b><b>offers comprehensive <\/b><b>b<\/b><b>enefits to all Regular, Full-Time Employees,<\/b> <b>including:<\/b><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Medical provided through Cigna (PPO, HSA, EPO options) \/ Medical provided through Kaiser (HMO option only) for California employees only<\/li>\n<li>Dental provided through Cigna (DPPO &amp; DHMO options)<\/li>\n<li>Nationwide Vision provided through VSP<\/li>\n<li>Flexible Spending Account for Health &amp; Dependent Care<\/li>\n<li>Pre-Tax Account for Commuter Benefit\/Parking &amp; Transit (location-specific)<\/li>\n<li>Continuing Education and Professional Development via various integrated platforms, e.g.\u00a0Udemy and Coursera<\/li>\n<li>Corporate Wellness Program<\/li>\n<li>Employee Assistance Program<\/li>\n<li>Wellness Days<\/li>\n<li>401k Plan<\/li>\n<li>Basic Life, Accidental Life, Supplemental Life Insurance<\/li>\n<li>Short Term &amp; Long Term Disability<\/li>\n<li>Critical Illness, Critical Hospital, and Voluntary Accident Insurance<\/li>\n<li>Tuition Reimbursement (available 6 months after start date, capped)<\/li>\n<li>Paid Time Off (accrued and prorated, maximum of 120 hours annually)<\/li>\n<li>Paid Holidays<\/li>\n<li>Any other statutory leaves, paid time, or other fringe benefits required under state and federal law<\/li>\n<\/ul>","pubDate":"2024-10-13 02:19:11","annualSalaryMin":"102600","annualSalaryMax":"162000","salaryCurrency":"USD"},{"id":111547,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/111547-accounting-manager-2","jobSlug":"111547-accounting-manager-2","jobTitle":"Accounting Manager","companyName":"Assurant","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/11\/631e270cd95fcdb3eaa2c8938c98d062.png","jobIndustry":["Finance &amp; Legal"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"As the Accounting Manager, you will be responsible for the management and leadership of the Center of Excellence.\u00a0 Your responsibilities will include managing the day-to-day activities, deliverables, and associated initiatives for the CoE. This role will work directly with other key leaders on the CoE, and other Global Accounting teams; in establishing processes and procedures&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>As the Accounting Manager, you will be responsible for the management and leadership of the Center of Excellence.\u00a0 Your responsibilities will include managing the day-to-day activities, deliverables, and associated initiatives for the CoE. This role will work directly with other key leaders on the CoE, and other Global Accounting teams; in establishing processes and procedures to ensure efficient and effective controls are in place for areas of functional responsibilities.\u00a0 This includes but not limited to ensuring the delivery of quality balance sheet reconciliations, accurate documentation\/SOPs for the reconciliation process, driving standardization and enhancements for the reconciliation process across the Enterprise and ensuring reconciliations are performed according to policy.<\/p>\n<p>As the Manager, you will cultivate a continuous improvement culture, promote ongoing learning, and exhibit a high level of engagement in a fast-paced F&amp;A shared services environment. In addition, you will contribute to the Shared Service strategy and execution by applying knowledge and experience and helping develop others by cross-training.<\/p>\n<h2><b>What will be my duties and responsibilities in this job?<\/b><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Lead, manage, coach, and develop a virtual accounting team of both on and offshore resources<\/li>\n<li>Work and manage independently with other CoE management members<\/li>\n<li>High level of efficiency and accuracy<\/li>\n<li>Accountable for complex balance sheet reconciliations related activities both (onshore and offshore)<\/li>\n<li>Gather &amp; analyze data, identify differences, communicate appropriately, and ensure relevant resolution for reconciliations<\/li>\n<li>Provide guidance and direction on reconciliation requirements<\/li>\n<li>Maintain standards according to reconciliation policy<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrate an understanding of reconciliation-related processes and inter-dependencies<\/li>\n<li>Continuous monitoring and reporting of reconciliation dashboard<\/li>\n<li>Tracking of issues reported and accountability for those issues through resolution<\/li>\n<li>Continuous improvement mentality and partnering for transformational activities related to improving the quality and accuracy of reconciliations<\/li>\n<li>Provide support for audits and ensure SOX compliance with assigned responsibilities<\/li>\n<li>Coordinate with stakeholders to ensure adherence to processes and policies and understanding of those requirements<\/li>\n<li>Manage projects and initiatives, including system integrations, acquisitions, and process improvement<\/li>\n<li>Develop a strong understanding and familiarity with critical systems used by the department<\/li>\n<li>Partner with Finance leadership to provide financial analysis and insights to advance leadership discussion and decision making<\/li>\n<li>Ability to take a consultative approach with stakeholders and influence decision-making<\/li>\n<li>Adhere to strict timelines for recurring deliverables such as month-end close activities<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><b>What are the requirements needed for this position?<\/b><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>BA or BS in Accounting, Finance, or equivalent experience, CPA strongly preferred<\/li>\n<li>5 years of related general accounting experience, insurance preferred<\/li>\n<li>Four (4) years of supervisory experience<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><b>What other skills\/experience would be helpful to have?<\/b><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>CPA strongly preferred<\/li>\n<li>Blackline or other reconciliation tool usage<\/li>\n<li>Working in a shared services environment<\/li>\n<li>Experience working with Oracle ERP and ARC<\/li>\n<li>Knowledge of US GAAP, STAT, internal controls, financial reporting, data analysis, and trending preferred<\/li>\n<li>Working knowledge of balance sheet reconciliations<\/li>\n<li>Understanding of progressive accounting practices and procedures<\/li>\n<li>Advanced in Microsoft Office Suite, specifically excel and power point<\/li>\n<li>Working knowledge of regulatory requirements (i.e., SOX, audits)<\/li>\n<li>Problem analysis and resolution at a functional level \u2013 detail and results-oriented<\/li>\n<li>Ability to multi-task, work well under pressure, and perform in a fast-paced environment<\/li>\n<li>Time-sensitive deliverables: will require extended hours during critical close periods as required<\/li>\n<li>Microsoft BI Reporting \/ Cubes<\/li>\n<li>Public accounting and\/or Audit experience<\/li>\n<li>Understanding of SOX controls and other controls over financial reporting<\/li>\n<li>Collaboration, delegation, and partnering skills<\/li>\n<li>Financial analysis, analytical abilities, proficiency in manipulating and analyzing large, complex, and disparate data sets<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>Pay Range: $84,100.00 &#8211; $140,500.00<\/p>\n<p>Any posted pay range considers a wide range of compensation factors, including candidate background, experience and work location, while also allowing for salary growth within the position.<\/p>\n<h2><b>What\u2019s the culture like at Assurant?<\/b><\/h2>\n<p>Our unique culture is a big reason why talented people choose Assurant. Named a Best\/Great Place to Work in 13 countries and awarded the Fortune America\u2019s Most Innovative Companies recognition in 2023, we bring together top talent around the world. Although we have a wide variety of skills and experiences, we share common characteristics that are uniquely Assurant. A passion for service. An ability to innovate in practical ways. And a willingness to take chances.<\/p>\n<p><b><\/b>Assurant is a leading global business services company that supports, protects, and connects major consumer purchases. A Fortune 500 company with a presence in 21 countries, Assurant supports the advancement of the connected world by partnering with the world\u2019s leading brands to develop innovative solutions and deliver an enhanced customer experience through mobile device solutions, extended service contracts, vehicle protection services, renters insurance, lender-placed insurance products, and other specialty products<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-13 02:15:27","annualSalaryMin":"84100","annualSalaryMax":"140500","salaryCurrency":"USD"},{"id":111546,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/111546-customer-care-specialist","jobSlug":"111546-customer-care-specialist","jobTitle":"Customer Care Specialist","companyName":"Assurant","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/11\/631e270cd95fcdb3eaa2c8938c98d062.png","jobIndustry":["Customer Success"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"When you walk through our door, you\u2019re not just starting a job. You\u2019re starting a career at a company that cares about you. Our offices are a community of people passionate about engaging and helping people across the country. With competitive pay and benefits that start on your first day, Assurant\u2019s a company ready to&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>When you walk through our door, you\u2019re not just starting a job. You\u2019re starting a career at a company that cares about you. Our offices are a community of people passionate about engaging and helping people across the country.<\/p>\n<p>With competitive pay and benefits that start on your first day, Assurant\u2019s a company ready to invest in you. But don\u2019t take our word for it. Our benefits speak for themselves. Here\u2019s just a peek at what we offer:<\/p>\n<p>Generous paid-time-off package with 23 total days, including holidays, within your first year<\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>Undergraduate tuition reimbursement programs<\/li>\n<li>Various work schedules and potential to work from home<\/li>\n<li>Stock purchasing options along with a 401k and additional financial resources<\/li>\n<li>Potential to share in the company\u2019s success through a performance bonus<\/li>\n<li>Health, dental and personal wellness plans<\/li>\n<li>And more \u2026<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>At Assurant, you\u2019ll find a team eager to help you grow your career and find meaning in your work.\u00a0<b><i>Are you ready to join?<\/i><\/b><\/p>\n<h2><b>What is a Customer Care Specialist at Assurant?<\/b><\/h2>\n<p>The <b>Customer Care Specialist<\/b> is a key position within Assurant because you\u2019re the voice of our organization and clients. You\u2019re highly valued as our customer\u2019s primary point of contact, and you care about helping others. The\u00a0<i>customer experience\u00a0<\/i>is at the forefront of all you do, exceeding expectations at every turn. You\u2019re a listener, problem solver and believe in quality. You enjoy being on the phone, and customers hear your smile as you patiently help them find a resolution.<\/p>\n<h2><b>Why You Should Consider This Role<\/b><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>You love helping and connecting with people.<\/li>\n<li>You\u2019re a problem solver who likes to think on your feet and enjoys a challenge.<\/li>\n<li>You thrive in a fast-paced, changing environment.<\/li>\n<li>You believe the details are important and actively listen for them.<\/li>\n<li>You go above and beyond because you want to, not because you have to.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><b>What You Will Like<\/b><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>The diversity\u00a0\u2014\u00ad\u00ad every day and every customer is different.<\/li>\n<li>The opportunity to demonstrate your unique problem-solving abilities to our customers and to the rest of your team.<\/li>\n<li>The difference in the value Assurant places on great customer service and the recognition you\u2019ll receive from our customers and our leaders when you exceed our customer\u2019s expectations.<\/li>\n<li>Opportunity to learn, grow and advance within our Fortune 500 company.<\/li>\n<li>Competitive starting pay in a highly motivated pay-for-performance environment.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><b>The Details\u00a0<\/b><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Handle in-bound calls from our customers by researching and resolving loan-level inquiries in hazard insurance, mortgage banking and property loss.<\/li>\n<li>This role requires listening to our customers\u2019 concerns and showing empathy while resolving their issues.<\/li>\n<li>Because every customer is different, we expect you to take the initiative to truly understand our customers\u2019 current challenges, solve them and use your expertise to proactively help them avoid future challenges.<\/li>\n<li>You may be asked to participate in special projects, assume new responsibilities and adjust priorities as requested.<\/li>\n<li>A robust paid training environment enables you to learn the business, the systems, the policies and, most importantly, how to effectively engage and resolve customer challenges. Training will be a combination of classroom, online and side-by-side observations.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><b>What You Should Know About Us<\/b><\/h2>\n<p>Assurant is the company that protects and secures the places people live and the things they buy.\u00a0We\u2019re a Fortune 500 company with approximately 16,000 employees in 21 countries across\u00a0North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia-Pacific.\u00a0We help keep life running smoothly for more than 300 million people around the world. Protecting 38 million mobile devices. 40 million motor vehicles. 80 million appliances. 36 million mortgages. And that&#8217;s just the beginning.<\/p>\n<h2><b>The Ideal Candidate Will Have<\/b><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Strong attention to detail<\/li>\n<li>Great conversation skills and ability to WOW customers on every call<\/li>\n<li>Excellent verbal, written and listening skills<\/li>\n<li>Relentless drive to own the customer\u2019s problem and resolve it<\/li>\n<li>Ability to adapt well to change<\/li>\n<li>Ability to work well in a fast-paced environment<\/li>\n<li>Ability to think outside of the box to resolve problems<\/li>\n<li>Ability to multitask using technology, including call handling, loan-level review and call documentation<\/li>\n<li>Minimum high school diploma or GED, and 1 year of work experience required<\/li>\n<li>College degree with 0-1 year of work experience, preferred<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>Pay Range: $15.50 &#8211; $24.03<\/p>\n<p>Any posted pay range considers a wide range of compensation factors, including candidate background, experience and work location, while also allowing for salary growth within the position.<\/p>\n<h2><b>What\u2019s the culture like at Assurant?<\/b><\/h2>\n<p>Our unique culture is a big reason why talented people choose Assurant. Named a Best\/Great Place to Work in 13 countries and awarded the Fortune America\u2019s Most Innovative Companies recognition in 2023, we bring together top talent around the world. Although we have a wide variety of skills and experiences, we share common characteristics that are uniquely Assurant. A passion for service. An ability to innovate in practical ways. And a willingness to take chances.<\/p>\n<p><b><\/b>Assurant is a leading global business services company that supports, protects, and connects major consumer purchases. A Fortune 500 company with a presence in 21 countries, Assurant supports the advancement of the connected world by partnering with the world\u2019s leading brands to develop innovative solutions and deliver an enhanced customer experience through mobile device solutions, extended service contracts, vehicle protection services, renters insurance, lender-placed insurance products, and other specialty products<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-13 02:13:12"},{"id":95651,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/95651-senior-product-designer-41","jobSlug":"95651-senior-product-designer-41","jobTitle":"Staff Product Designer","companyName":"Gusto","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2020\/10\/Gusto.jpg","jobIndustry":["Web &amp; App Design"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Canada,  USA","jobLevel":"Senior","jobExcerpt":"Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide. Our mission is to create a world&#8230;","jobDescription":"<div class=\"content-intro\">\n<div class=\"content-intro\">\n<div class=\"content-intro\">\n<p>Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.<\/p>\n<p>Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. That\u2019s why we\u2019re committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually.<\/p>\n<\/div>\n<p>Product Design at Gusto is made up of over 60 creative, collaborative people who care deeply about our mission to empower small businesses and their employees. We\u2019re a cross-functional bunch focused on Design, Research, Writing, Ops and Front-end Development who are always looking for opportunities to build understanding and empathy for the people who use Gusto. We don\u2019t care a whole lot about swim lanes and we work closely with our partners in Product, Engineering, Data, and Marketing to design, build and ship experiences that make a difference. We are passionate advocates for thoughtful, crafted, and inclusive experiences and we believe great design can make hard things possible, even delightful.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>About the Opportunity:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>We have a number of Staff Designer roles within various teams at Gusto!<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Here\u2019s what you\u2019ll do day-to-day:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Work with cross-functional partners in Product Management, Engineering, and Data Science to understand customer problems, key opportunities in your domain, and define both the long term UX vision and also short term releases that unlock customer value<\/li>\n<li>Collaborate with our Research, Data Science, and Customer Support teams to build a holistic understanding of customer needs, and make sure they\u2019re shared with your teams to inform their thinking, build empathy, and inform prioritization decisions<\/li>\n<li>Advocate for great UX, inspiring your teams with a strong point of view about what\u2019s possible and aspirational for your product area<\/li>\n<li>Hold high standards for the customer experience, including partnering with engineering partners to refine the end customer experience and ensure that what we release is bug free, performant, accessible, and responsive<\/li>\n<li>Design for how your experience fits into our system and advocate for cohesive experiences through the use of Workbench, our Design System, and other platform capabilities<\/li>\n<li>Speak clearly to tradeoffs and the \u201cWhy\u201d behind design decisions in terms non-designers can understand and participate in<\/li>\n<li>Provide and seek feedback from other designers to always push the bar for quality<\/li>\n<li>Collaborate with designers on other teams to develop cohesive solutions for shared problems<\/li>\n<li>You\u2019ll drive team-wide impact through mentorship, fostering a culture of growth and collaboration<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Here\u2019s what we&#8217;re looking for:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>8+ years&#8217; Product Design experience\n<ul>\n<li>Bonus for Gusto if you\u2019ve worked in domains connected to HR like Payroll, Benefits, Finance, and\/or Workforce Management.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/li>\n<li>A builder who loves being hands on crafting high quality, high impact solutions and getting them in front of customers\n<ul>\n<li>Experience designing and shipping products in complex domains informed by research, data, and insights from support teams demonstrated through a portfolio of work you\u2019ve directly contributed to<\/li>\n<li>Systems thinking, including using and contributing to a Design System and designing with a Platform-first approach<\/li>\n<li>Ability to explain the impact of your work, tradeoffs you\u2019ve made, lessons learned, and design rationale<\/li>\n<li>The ability to think long term towards a broader vision or step change, while being able to speak to scoping and sequencing to deliver iterative value<\/li>\n<li>Experience balancing long-term design goals with an Agile-based iterative approach<\/li>\n<li>Strong communication skills and enthusiasm for collaborating across the entire company<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/li>\n<li>Experience designing end-to-end customer journeys from software to service<\/li>\n<li>Strong understanding of common web patterns, foundations, and the ability to discern when to innovate versus adopt existing standards<\/li>\n<li>Strong opinions loosely held and a willingness to engage in constructive debates about scope and tradeoffs to build alignment and unblock work<\/li>\n<li>Strong UX craft \u2014 you can break down complex experiences and design with consideration for all touchpoints<\/li>\n<li>Ability to embrace ambiguous situations as opportunities to create<\/li>\n<li>Passion for Gusto\u2019s mission and the impact we can have on the world<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>At Gusto, we strive to provide rewards that empower employees to achieve their financial and personal goals. We offer competitive compensation packages with a strong emphasis on equity based compensation (ownership in Gusto). To learn more about Gusto\u2019s compensation philosophy and benefits offerings please view our\u00a0Total Rewards Approach page.<\/p>\n<p>Our cash compensation range for this role is $133,000\/yr to $182,000\/yr in Denver &amp; most remote locations, and $161,000\/yr to $219,000\/yr in San Francisco &amp; New York. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors, including candidate experience and expertise, and may vary from the amounts listed above.<\/p>\n<div class=\"content-conclusion\">\n<p>Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately <strong>2-3 days\u00a0<\/strong>per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gusto&#8217;s subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.<\/p>\n<p>Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas.<\/p>\n<p>When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.<\/p>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>","pubDate":"2024-10-13 02:09:40","annualSalaryMin":"133000","annualSalaryMax":"182000","salaryCurrency":"USD"},{"id":105069,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/105069-paid-search-manager","jobSlug":"105069-paid-search-manager","jobTitle":"Associate Paid Search Manager","companyName":"Wpromote","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/08\/e1003ec6a2d34525775d0bc7912ced79.jpg","jobIndustry":["Marketing &amp; Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"We\u2019re looking for a Paid Search Associate Manager to join the rapidly expanding team that is the backbone of our company. You\u2019ll directly manage search engine marketing (SEM) campaigns across both Google Ads and Microsoft Ads and paid social ads, making optimizations and updates daily. You\u2019ll be supporting Managers and Senior Managers on the team&#8230;","jobDescription":"<div class=\"section page-centered\" data-qa=\"job-description\">\n<div class=\"section page-centered\" data-qa=\"job-description\">\n<div>We\u2019re looking for a Paid Search Associate Manager to join the rapidly expanding team that is the backbone of our company. You\u2019ll directly manage search engine marketing (SEM) campaigns across both Google Ads and Microsoft Ads and paid social ads, making optimizations and updates daily. You\u2019ll be supporting Managers and Senior Managers on the team but also with managers from other channels, and learn how to craft campaign strategies for your book of clients.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>At Wpromote, we believe that great work is only possible with great people. Our goal is to build a better, more inclusive work environment and support our people at every stage of their careers by prioritizing a strong work-life balance through our policies and benefits listed below. As a Best Place to Work according to both Ad Age and Glassdoor and Adweek\u2019s Fastest Growing Digital Agency, we are moving fast to expand our teams and bring new experts into the fold to keep pushing the boundaries of what\u2019s possible in marketing.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>The anticipated annual salary for this role will range from $58,000 &#8211; $69,000, based on consideration of a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years and depth of experience, education and certifications, competitive benchmarks, scope of responsibility, market dynamics, geographic location, and respective state\u2019s salary threshold for exempt employees. At Wpromote, pay ranges are subject to change and are based on specific market medians for similar jobs according to third-party salary benchmark surveys. Individual pay within that range can vary due to skills, experience, and available budget.\u00a0The total compensation package for this role will include benefits (listed above).<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>*This position may be performed remotely in most states within the US, with some exclusions<\/div>\n<div>**While this position is remote-friendly, preference will be given to candidates based in Los Angeles, Chicago, and NYC<\/div>\n<div>***This position is not eligible for immigration sponsorship<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div><strong><i>Important Notice: Beware of Job Scams<\/i><\/strong><\/div>\n<div>Wpromote recruiting communications will only be sent through our official channels via\u00a0wpromote.com\u00a0email addresses. If you see a posting elsewhere that is not reflected on\u00a0Wpromote.com\/careers, it may be a fraudulent posting. We do not require payment or fees during the hiring process nor do we request sensitive information, such as Social Security numbers or payment details. Please safeguard yourself against possible scams and contact us if you encounter any suspicious activity.<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\">\n<div>\n<h2>You Will Be:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Put through a comprehensive training program to learn the ins and outs of paid search and how it impacts a client\u2019s overall business<\/li>\n<li>Responsible for managing your own book of business with team support for both paid search and paid social<\/li>\n<li>Supporting and assisting the wider team with growth and enterprise level strategies<\/li>\n<li>Researching performance numbers in order to find ways to improve the efficiency of campaigns on the enterprise level accounts that you\u2019ll be supporting<\/li>\n<li>Conducting keyword research, writing ad copy, and implementing bid optimizations<\/li>\n<li>Building performance reports to share with clients<\/li>\n<li>Proactively doing competitive research in order to isolate new opportunities<\/li>\n<li>Applying best practices and providing new recommendations to clients<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\">\n<div>\n<h2>You Must Have:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Preferred 1-2 years of experience working in paid media advertising comprised of media buying and planning within an agency\/client environment<\/li>\n<li>Bachelor\u2019s degree in communications, advertising, marketing, or related discipline<\/li>\n<li>Understanding of search engines such as Google, Microsoft, etc<\/li>\n<li>Familiarity with keyword research tools and web analytics tools (Google Analytics)<\/li>\n<li>The ability to work under tight deadlines, think on your feet, work with limited resources, and manage multiple campaigns.<\/li>\n<li>General knowledge of search engine optimization (SEO), social advertising, and web usability<\/li>\n<li>Strong Microsoft Excel skills: pivot tables, VLOOKUPS and chart building<\/li>\n<li>The ability to quickly pick up new skills and learn new tasks while demonstrating strong attention to detail<\/li>\n<li>Excellent oral, written, and interpersonal skills, with the ability to identify and respond to situations with the sense of urgency<\/li>\n<li>Experience with Google Suite and MS Office<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\" data-qa=\"closing-description\">\n<div>Wpromote is committed to bringing together individuals from different backgrounds and perspectives, providing employees with a safe and welcoming environment free of discrimination and harassment. We strive to create a diverse &amp; inclusive environment where everyone can thrive, feel a sense of belonging, and do impactful work together. As an equal opportunity employer, we prohibit any unlawful discrimination against a job applicant on the basis of their race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, family or parental status, disability*, age, veteran status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. We respect the laws enforced by the EEOC and are dedicated to going above and beyond in fostering diversity across our workplace.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done which will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing undue hardship on Wpromote.<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>","pubDate":"2024-10-13 02:09:39","annualSalaryMin":"58000","annualSalaryMax":"69000","salaryCurrency":"USD"},{"id":110649,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/110649-senior-content-designer","jobSlug":"110649-senior-content-designer","jobTitle":"Senior Content Designer","companyName":"Elevate Labs","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/09\/2a91e6dd8e692441f162807b01229672.jpg","jobIndustry":["Copywriting &amp; Content"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"LATAM,  Canada,  USA","jobLevel":"Senior","jobExcerpt":"We\u2019ve helped millions of people around the world learn and improve concrete communication, memory, and math skills through Elevate, our first mobile app which has won Apple&#8217;s App of the Year Award and been downloaded more than 60 million times. With Balance, our second mobile app and winner of Google&#8217;s Best App award, we\u2019ve personalized&#8230;","jobDescription":"<div class=\"section page-centered\" data-qa=\"job-description\">\n<div>We\u2019ve helped millions of people around the world learn and improve concrete communication, memory, and math skills through Elevate, our first mobile app which has won Apple&#8217;s App of the Year Award and been downloaded more than 60 million times. With Balance, our second mobile app and winner of Google&#8217;s Best App award, we\u2019ve personalized meditation and made it free for an entire year to help more people reduce stress, improve sleep, sharpen focus, and much more.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>Elevate Labs is a fully remote company of voracious learners and passionate doers, driven by our vision to help billions of people lead healthy, joyful, and productive lives.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>If our mission resonates with you, please consider applying!<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>We&#8217;re looking for an autonomous, proactive Senior Content Designer to work with the Balance product team.<\/div>\n<div>In this role, you&#8217;ll help tackle complex end-to-end product problems and perform a wide array of UX writing tasks for our award-winning meditation and sleep app.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>The ideal candidate has a strong bias for action, generalist mindset, and experience working collaboratively with an agile cross-functional product team. They&#8217;re also a versatile UX writer and problem-solver with a desire to both contribute to and spearhead new projects in a fast-paced environment.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>This is a fully remote position anywhere in North America or South America.<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\">\n<div>\n<h2>How you&#8217;ll make an impact here<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Write intuitive copy that creates a meaningful, cohesive experience and helps our customers easily navigate through Balance<\/li>\n<li>Collaborate with Product Managers, Designers, Engineers, and other Content team members to solve complex product problems<\/li>\n<li>Collaborate with Data Analytics, Customer Support, and Marketing team members to develop a deep understanding of our products and how our customers interact with them<\/li>\n<li>Write and review UX product copy in Figma wireframes<\/li>\n<li>Analyze existing product content, focusing on opportunities for improvement<\/li>\n<li>Create multiple versions of product copy for A\/B test experiments, with the goal of optimizing every step of the UX<\/li>\n<li>Maintain a generalist mindset, proactively flexing into game, meditation, and other types of content work as needed<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\">\n<div>\n<h2>Qualifications<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>6+ years of UX writing experience, with at least some experience working on mobile apps<\/li>\n<li>Solid understanding of UX writing principles, processes, and best practices<\/li>\n<li>Superior project management skills within a high-velocity environment<\/li>\n<li>Ability to distill complex ideas down into approachable language<\/li>\n<li>Customer obsession and extreme passion for user-focused product experiences<\/li>\n<li>Excitement about testing and iterating on your work, leaning on data and user research to inform your decisions<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\">\n<div>\n<h2>Bonus<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Experience working in a remote environment<\/li>\n<li>Experience working in the education, meditation, and\/or health and wellness fields<\/li>\n<li>Experience working at a lean startup<\/li>\n<li>Experience with growth and monetization content<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\">\n<div>\n<h2>Benefits<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Competitive salary and equity<\/li>\n<li>Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your family<\/li>\n<li>Distributed team flexibility, with a home-office stipend and co-working reimbursement<\/li>\n<li>Annual learning, wellness, and travel stipends<\/li>\n<li>Generous PTO, flexible sick leave, and paid parental leave<\/li>\n<li>Annual company meetup in a fun location<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\" data-qa=\"closing-description\">\n<h2><b>How we hire<\/b><\/h2>\n<div>We seek to build high-impact, talent-dense teams. To help us assess your skills, you can expect approximately three conversational-style interview rounds, plus a portfolio review and skills challenge.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div><b>Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, &amp; Inclusion:<\/b><\/div>\n<div>We believe that there is no single candidate profile that guarantees success in this role. Experience comes in different forms; many skills are transferable, and passion goes a long way. If your background is similar to the job description and you think you can excel in this role, please apply and tell us about yourself and the impact you could make at Elevate Labs.<\/div>\n<\/div>","pubDate":"2024-10-13 02:07:47"},{"id":111545,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/111545-customer-support-agent","jobSlug":"111545-customer-support-agent","jobTitle":"Customer Support Agent","companyName":"Elevate Labs","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/09\/2a91e6dd8e692441f162807b01229672.jpg","jobIndustry":["Customer Success"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"The Customer Support Team at Elevate Labs operates like a fast-paced, agile startup, and we\u2019re looking for an energized, high-performing customer support agent to join the team. This is a unique opportunity to use your customer service experience, decision-making, and creative problem-solving skills to shape the trajectory of our new and existing ventures. We\u2019re looking&#8230;","jobDescription":"<div class=\"section page-centered\" data-qa=\"job-description\">\n<div>The Customer Support Team at Elevate Labs operates like a fast-paced, agile startup, and we\u2019re looking for an energized, high-performing customer support agent to join the team. This is a unique opportunity to use your customer service experience, decision-making, and creative problem-solving skills to shape the trajectory of our new and existing ventures. We\u2019re looking for someone who treats customers as part of their community, never settles for good enough, and never stops learning and teaching. This role requires balancing agility with customer obsession, all while managing tight timelines and constantly evolving business needs.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div>This is a full-time, fully remote position anywhere in the United States, with a schedule aligned with West Coast working hours. It is not a requirement that you be based on the West Coast, but you will be asked to tailor your schedule to PST.<\/div>\n<div><\/div>\n<div><i>We cater to the needs of the business by being available when our customers need us most. With that in mind, to be considered for this role, you must be able to work one or both weekend days and holidays, and be comfortable with a periodically changing schedule.\u00a0<\/i><\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\">\n<div>\n<h2>How You&#8217;ll Make an Impact Here:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Be an unwavering customer advocate via inbound email and social-channel customer support, upholding our mission of world-class service.<\/li>\n<li>Strive for one-touch resolution through root cause analysis and by prioritizing and multitasking a large volume of inbound contacts with attention to detail and ownership.<\/li>\n<li>Identify patterns in customer reports and investigate, test, and reproduce technical issues with medium complexity while maintaining customer satisfaction and Elevate\u2019s brand image.<\/li>\n<li>Understand and meet expected personal metrics such as Volume, Handle Time, Time to Resolution, Customer Satisfaction Rating, and more.<\/li>\n<li>Provide peer-to-peer support by leading with patience, empathy, and a deep understanding of our products and customer needs.<\/li>\n<li>Question the status quo and proactively highlight areas where we can do better to help drive process and policy decisions.<\/li>\n<li>Help keep internal and external knowledge bases and documentation up-to-date.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\">\n<div>\n<h2>What We&#8217;re Looking For:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>3+ years of customer support experience<\/li>\n<li>2+ years of experience supporting educational apps and\/or software or other technical support<\/li>\n<li>Experience with Zendesk or similar customer management tools<\/li>\n<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills with a strong attention to detail<\/li>\n<li>Intellectual curiosity &#8211; if you don\u2019t know the answer, you\u2019ll find out<\/li>\n<li>The ability to balance pace and precision, multitasking and prioritizing urgent needs<\/li>\n<li>A passion for customer service and the ability to execute at a high rate of speed and accuracy<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\">\n<div>\n<h2>Bonus<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Experience working in a fully remote work environment with teammates operating across various time zones<\/li>\n<li>Experience working for a startup or other fast-growth company<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\">\n<div>\n<h2>Benefits &amp; Perks:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Our benefits package reflects what&#8217;s important to us: unlocking your career potential, supporting your overall well-being, and helping you form meaningful relationships. And since everyone is unique, you get to customize your experience with your stipends.<\/li>\n<li>Competitive salary and equity across all geographies<\/li>\n<li>Medical, dental, and vision insurance for you and your family<\/li>\n<li>Distributed team flexibility with a home-office stipend and co-working reimbursement<\/li>\n<li>Annual learning, wellness, and travel stipends<\/li>\n<li>Generous PTO, sick leave, and paid parental leave<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<\/div>\n<\/div>\n<div class=\"section page-centered\" data-qa=\"closing-description\">\n<h2><b>How We Hire<\/b><\/h2>\n<div>At Elevate Labs, we put a lot of time and care into who we hire. We seek to build high-impact teams with high talent density. To help us get a sense of who you are and how you work, you can expect an anonymized skills assessment, where you can showcase your expertise, and around three rounds of conversational-style interviews.<\/div>\n<h2><b>Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, &amp; Inclusion:<\/b><\/h2>\n<div>We believe that there is no single candidate profile that guarantees success in this role. Experience comes in different forms; many skills are transferable, and passion goes a long way. If your background is similar to the job description and you think you can excel in this role, please apply and tell us about yourself and the impact you could make at Elevate Labs<\/div>\n<\/div>","pubDate":"2024-10-13 02:07:45"},{"id":111544,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/111544-emea-payroll-specialist","jobSlug":"111544-emea-payroll-specialist","jobTitle":"EMEA Payroll Specialist","companyName":"Canva","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2020\/12\/WRILS-201227212703-643638.png","jobIndustry":["Finance &amp; Legal"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"UK","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"We&#8217;re looking for someone based in London or within commuting distance to our campus.\u00a0The buzzing Canva London campus features several buildings around beautiful leafy Hoxton Square in Shoreditch. While our global headquarters is in Sydney, Australia, London is our HQ for Europe, with all kinds of teams based here, plus event spaces to gather our&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p><strong>We&#8217;re looking for someone based in London or within commuting distance to our campus.\u00a0<\/strong>The buzzing Canva London campus features several buildings around beautiful leafy Hoxton Square in Shoreditch. While our global headquarters is in Sydney, Australia, London is our HQ for Europe, with all kinds of teams based here, plus event spaces to gather our team and communities. You&#8217;ll experience a warm welcome from our Vibe team at front of house, amazing home cooked food, and a variety of workspaces to hang out with your teammates or get solo work done. That said, we trust our Canvanauts to choose the balance that empowers them and their team to achieve their goals and so you have choice in where and how you work.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>What you\u2019d be doing in this role<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>As Canva scales change continues to be part of our DNA. But we like to think that&#8217;s all part of the fun. So this will give you the flavour of the type of things you&#8217;ll be working on when you start, but this will likely evolve.<\/p>\n<p>We&#8217;re looking for an experienced Payroll Specialist to join Canva&#8217;s Payroll party, to be responsible for leading the end-to-end payroll process for multiple countries, ensuring Canvanauts are paid accurately, on time, and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. This role is a hybrid role attached to our London office.<\/p>\n<h2>At the moment, this role is focused on<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Preparing end-to-end payroll processing for multiple countries, ensuring accuracy, compliance, and timeliness.<\/li>\n<li>Apply payroll laws, regulations, and tax requirements globally, ensuring our payroll processes are compliant.<\/li>\n<li>Driving continuous improvement within the payroll team and implementing best practices to enhance efficiency, data integrity and accuracy.<\/li>\n<li>Providing analytical skills by catching and escalating complex payroll issues and ensuring excellent customer service.<\/li>\n<li>Collaborating with cross-functional teams to communicate and implement payroll-related changes, policies, and procedures.<\/li>\n<li>As the Payroll team continues to transform processes and systems, this will be a great opportunity to be involved in multiple projects and initiatives.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>You&#8217;re probably a match if<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>You have a Bachelor&#8217;s degree in Business, Finance, Accounting, or a related field. A Certified Payroll Professional (CPP) or Global Payroll Management Institute (GPMI) designation is a plus.<\/li>\n<li>You have payroll processing experience in the UK, Austria or the Czech Republic. US Payroll experience is a plus.<\/li>\n<li>You have a generalist understanding payroll regulations, tax laws, and labor legislation globally.<\/li>\n<li>You pay attention to the details, and ensure accuracy in payroll calculations and data entry.<\/li>\n<li>You\u2019re proficient in using payroll software and systems such as ADP, Workday or similar platforms, and have proficiency in Excel\/Google Sheets, experience in macros is a plus.<\/li>\n<li>You have managed the implementation of new payroll, whether that be a new country or an acquisition.<\/li>\n<li>You have been part of a payroll transformation project.<\/li>\n<li>You\u2019re an exceptional communicator who can work cross-functionally, solve problems creatively, and implement solutions.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>About the team<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>Canva\u2019s Payroll team is a part of the Finance and Legal Group, predominantly based in Australia, with growing teams in the Philippines, EMEA and the United States. We manage payroll for our ever-growing community of Canvanauts worldwide.<\/p>\n<p>As Canva continues to grow and expand globally, the payroll function faces increased complexity in scaling operations and compliance. We are expanding the team, adding technical expertise and operational skills to help Canva achieve its crazy big goals.<\/p>\n<p>With payroll being one of the most critical functions in Finance, the team plays a significant role in making Canva one of the best places to work. We are dedicated to ensuring that every Canvanaut is paid accurately and on time, providing an excellent employee experience.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>What&#8217;s in it for you?<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>Achieving our crazy big goals motivates us to work hard &#8211; and we do &#8211; but you&#8217;ll experience lots of moments of magic, connectivity and fun woven throughout life at Canva, too. We also offer a range of benefits to set you up for every success in and outside of work.<\/p>\n<p>Here&#8217;s a taste of what&#8217;s on offer:<\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>Equity packages &#8211; we want our success to be yours too<\/li>\n<li>Inclusive parental leave policy that supports all parents &amp; carers<\/li>\n<li>An annual Vibe &amp; Thrive allowance to support your wellbeing, social connection, office setup &amp; more<\/li>\n<li>Flexible leave options that empower you to be a force for good, take time to recharge and supports you personally<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Other stuff to know<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>We make hiring decisions based on your experience, skills and passion, as well as how you can enhance Canva and our culture. When you apply, please tell us the pronouns you use and any reasonable adjustments you may need during the interview process.<\/p>\n<p>We celebrate all types of skills and backgrounds at Canva so even if you don\u2019t feel like your skills quite match what\u2019s listed above &#8211; we still want to hear from you<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-13 02:03:24"},{"id":107517,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/107517-staff-backend-engineer","jobSlug":"107517-staff-backend-engineer","jobTitle":"Staff Backend Engineer","companyName":"FirstbaseHQ","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/09\/0957540f8833648730fb94c40501bbd3.jpg","jobIndustry":["Software Engineering"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Europe,  UK,  USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"Firstbase was set up as a fully remote company from the start. We don\u2019t have a physical office, and our small but mighty team is distributed across North America and Europe. We are makers at heart\u2014whether it&#8217;s coding, drafting product briefs, or designing, we\u2019re committed to creating high-quality, delightful products. Our remote nature means we&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>Firstbase was set up as a fully remote company from the start. We don\u2019t have a physical office, and our small but mighty team is distributed across North America and Europe. We are makers at heart\u2014whether it&#8217;s coding, drafting product briefs, or designing, we\u2019re committed to creating high-quality, delightful products. Our remote nature means we value clear, effective written communication for coordinating tasks and discussions across various platforms like Slack and Linear. Decision-making is swift; we aim to advance conversations and reach conclusions quickly.<\/p>\n<p>We are looking for experienced individuals who are passionate about their work&#8217;s impact, thrive in a collaborative remote environment, and are keen on solving problems end to end. If you&#8217;re driven to produce exceptional work and keen to shape the future of remote work, Firstbase might be the perfect place for you.<\/p>\n<p><em>Salary Range: 160K &#8211; 220K USD. (Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors, including candidate location, experience and expertise, and may vary from the amounts listed)<\/em><\/p>\n<h2><strong>Your Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Building delightful customer facing features in our platform.<\/li>\n<li>Building internal tools to support our Operations and Finance teams.<\/li>\n<li>Helping to scale our integrations with other HRIS, ITSM and MDM providers.<\/li>\n<li>Helping to improve infrastructure performance and optimize architecture for scalability.<\/li>\n<li>Improving observability, monitoring, and alerting systems, ensuring rapid response and minimal downtime in operational incidents.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Tech we Use:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Java, Kotlin, Postgres, and Redis<\/li>\n<li>Internal GraphQL API and Public REST API<\/li>\n<li>Hosted on AWS with Kubernetes<\/li>\n<li>Gitlab, Slack, Notion, Retool<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Benefits:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Challenging and highly impactful work.<\/li>\n<li>Work-life balance.<\/li>\n<li>Competitive salary and equity.<\/li>\n<li>Full-remote, no commuting required.<\/li>\n<li>Health, Dental and Vision Insurance coverage.<\/li>\n<li>401K with company match (for US employees only).<\/li>\n<li>3 months of paid parental leave.<\/li>\n<li>Flexible vacation time off.<\/li>\n<li>Choose your gear powered by Firstbase<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>We\u2019re committed to building a culturally diverse team and strongly encourage you to apply regardless of your location, background, race, gender, sexual orientation or any other personally defining attribute. We encourage every person who is interested to apply. We\u2019re imperfect communicators, so think of our job postings as the starting point for discussion rather than proof that you shouldn\u2019t apply. Take the leap &#8211; you never know, you might just be the perfect person for one of our open roles, even if you don\u2019t match 100% of the job description.<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-13 02:00:42","annualSalaryMin":"160000","annualSalaryMax":"220000","salaryCurrency":"USD"},{"id":79634,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/79634-customer-experience-associate-6","jobSlug":"79634-customer-experience-associate-6","jobTitle":"Business Development Representative","companyName":"FirstbaseHQ","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/09\/0957540f8833648730fb94c40501bbd3.jpg","jobIndustry":["Business Development","Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"Remote work is the biggest workplace revolution in history. Nothing will deliver a higher quality of life upgrade in the next decade. The biggest challenge is in providing the core infrastructure that makes going remote easy for companies. Firstbase helps companies setup, manage, maintain and retrieve all the physical equipment remote workers need to do&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>Remote work is the biggest workplace revolution in history. Nothing will deliver a higher quality of life upgrade in the next decade. The biggest challenge is in providing the core infrastructure that makes going remote easy for companies. Firstbase helps companies setup, manage, maintain and retrieve all the physical equipment remote workers need to do great work at home.<\/p>\n<p>We&#8217;re a small and fully distributed team, currently spanning from the US to Belgium and we take pride in our ability to function as an effective remote-first organization. We offer market-rate salaries (including equity), a home office (via Firstbase), insurance, as many books as you could ever hope to read, and a tight-knit group of people passionate about creating for the future of work.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>About This Position:<\/strong><\/h2>\n<p>A Business Development Representative at Firstbase is an outbound role, meaning you are responsible for finding, contacting, and converting leads through your own efforts. The BDR, in conjunction with their assigned Account Executive(s), is responsible for owning and managing the prospecting for a designated territory and is responsible for creating quarterly plans to achieve quotas. Daily activities include conducting prospect and account research, working in parallel to your Inbound BDR peer, social media messaging, email messaging, and outbound calling.<\/p>\n<p><em>This is a remote position that can be done from anywhere in the U.S.\u00a0 Salary Range: $60,000- $70,000<\/em><\/p>\n<h2><strong>Key Responsibilities<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Grow territory by adding new contacts and accounts using tools such as LinkedIn Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Insights, ZoomInfo, and LeadIQ<\/li>\n<li>Complete tasks related to Outbound Lead Generation including conducting account research, prospect research, and reaching out to prospects via email, cold calls, and social media messaging.<\/li>\n<li>Growing your network on LinkedIn and leveraging it to find and convert leads<\/li>\n<li>Working with Account Executive(s) on outbound strategies<\/li>\n<li>Working with Inbound BDR on accounts\/prospects that come in via Marketing Campaigns<\/li>\n<li>Inputting and updating data in Salesforce<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Desired Skills &amp; Experience<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Previous experience as a BDR\/BDR &#8211; 9+ months preferred<\/li>\n<li>Experience prospecting\/selling into Enterprise\/Strategic Accounts<\/li>\n<li>Consistently meet\/exceed sales quotas within specified time frames<\/li>\n<li>Experience working in a high grow-tech company<\/li>\n<li>Working knowledge of\u00a0Salesloft\/Outreach.io\u00a0, Salesforce, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, and LeadIQ<\/li>\n<li>Previous experience in B2B Software Sales<\/li>\n<li>Self-starter\u00a0 -Ability to demonstrate successfully working remote<\/li>\n<li>Basic understanding of what presales is<\/li>\n<li>Bachelor&#8217;s degree or equivalent field experience<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Role Requirements<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Experience working in high growth startup environments: You have the ability to move fast, adapt, and thrive in a dynamic startup environment where you derive priorities, requirements, and goals from company context.<\/li>\n<li>Collaborative: You are ready to roll up your sleeves and create strategies that work across roles and departments to achieve company goals.<\/li>\n<li>A Clear Communicator: You effectively and positively present your informed opinions on strategy clearly to multiple teams and areas of expertise. You come with a solid rationale behind every decision you make, you understand the importance of listening as part of communication.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p>We\u2019re committed to building a culturally diverse team and strongly encourage you to apply regardless of your location, background, race, gender, sexual orientation or any other personally defining attribute. We encourage every person who is interested to apply. We\u2019re imperfect communicators, so think of our job postings as the starting point for discussion rather than proof that you shouldn\u2019t apply. Take the leap &#8211; you never know, you might just be the perfect person for one of our open roles, even if you don\u2019t match 100% of the job description.<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-13 02:00:30","annualSalaryMin":"60000","annualSalaryMax":"70000","salaryCurrency":"USD"},{"id":109536,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/109536-applied-scientist-intern-phd-fall-2024","jobSlug":"109536-applied-scientist-intern-phd-fall-2024","jobTitle":"Applied Scientist Intern - PhD (Winter 2025)","companyName":"Splunk","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2021\/09\/2f9304fe9b427489507405bef9a0bb9f.jpg","jobIndustry":["Data Science"],"jobType":["internship"],"jobGeo":"USA","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"Splunk is here to build a safer and more resilient digital world. The world&#8217;s leading enterprises use our unified security and observability platform to keep their digital systems secure and reliable. While customers love our technology, it&#8217;s our people that make Splunk stand out as an amazing career destination and why we&#8217;ve won so many&#8230;","jobDescription":"<div>Splunk is here to build a safer and more resilient digital world. The world&#8217;s leading enterprises use our unified security and observability platform to keep their digital systems secure and reliable. While customers love our technology, it&#8217;s our people that make Splunk stand out as an amazing career destination and why we&#8217;ve won so many awards as a best place to work. If you become a Splunker, we want your whole, authentic self, what we call your &#8220;million data points&#8221;. So bring your work experience, problem-solving skills and talent, of course, but also bring your joy, your passion and all the things that make you, you.<\/div>\n<h2>Role Summary:<\/h2>\n<div>This is a remote-only role and will not require relocation. We welcome applicants from anywhere in the US.<\/div>\n<div>Splunk is looking for PhD students to join our team for Winter 2025! As an Applied Scientist intern, you will work on a real project (or a few) and have an opportunity to enjoy our dynamic, startup-like environment. You will engage in cutting-edge projects primarily centered on Generative AI, AI assistants, and scalable time series analysis, including anomaly detection and predictive analysis.<\/div>\n<div>You will experience Splunking and what defines our culture while honing the skills which separate our development teams from others. Working to support internal and external customer needs, you will collaborate with multi-functional teams, receive mentorship, and gain insight into our values-driven process. Our goal is both to support your growth and development while empowering you for a successful start to your career.c<\/div>\n<h2>What you&#8217;ll get to do:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Achieve data science and software engineering goals set by you, your manager, and your mentor<\/li>\n<li>Drive deliverables on topics such as Generative AI, AI assistants, and scalable time series analysis<\/li>\n<li>Learn about Splunk, both the product and the company<\/li>\n<li>Work and socialize with other interns and full-time Splunkers<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Must-have Qualifications:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Actively pursuing a PhD in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or a related technical field, and a strong record of academic achievement.<\/li>\n<li>At least one semester\/quarter remaining to complete after the internship<\/li>\n<li>Available to work 40 hours a week for 15 weeks from January 6 &#8211; April 18, 2025<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Nice-to-have Qualifications:<\/h2>\n<div>We\u2019ve taken special care to separate the must-have qualifications from the nice-to-haves. \u201cNice-to-have\u201d means just that: Nice. To. Have. So, don\u2019t worry if you can\u2019t check off every box. We\u2019re not hiring a list of bullet points\u2013we\u2019re interested in the whole you.<\/div>\n<ul>\n<li>Coursework and research experience in machine learning, either Generative AI technology and Large Language Models (LLM)<\/li>\n<li>Coursework and research experience with time series analysis (univariate and multivariate) with a focus on anomaly detection.<\/li>\n<li>Experience with ML frameworks (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch) and Python.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to work well with others in a fast-paced environment.<\/li>\n<li>Experience working in an agile environment.<\/li>\n<li>Strong communication skills, verbal and written.<\/li>\n<li>Enthusiasm for solving interesting problems.<\/li>\n<li>Experience programming in a large software project \u2013 at school, professionally, or in an open source context.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<div><b>Splunk is an Equal Opportunity Employer<\/b><\/div>\n<div>At Splunk, we believe creating a culture of belonging isn\u2019t just the right thing to do; it\u2019s also the smart thing. We prioritize diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging to ensure our employees are supported to bring their best, most authentic selves to work where they can thrive. Qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, age, physical or mental disability or medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state, or local laws. We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.<\/div>\n<h2><b>Base Pay Range:<\/b><\/h2>\n<p>SF Bay Area, Seattle Metro and New York City Metro Area<br \/>\nBase Pay: $82 per hour<\/p>\n<p>California (excludes SF Bay Area), Washington (excludes Seattle Metro), Washington DC Metro, and Massachusetts<br \/>\nBase Pay: $75 per hour<\/p>\n<p>All other cities and states excluding California, Washington, Massachusetts, New York City Metro Area and Washington DC Metro Area.<br \/>\nBase Pay: $67 per hour<\/p>\n<p>Splunk provides flexibility and choice in the working arrangement for most roles, including remote and\/or in-office roles. We have a market-based pay structure which varies by location. Please note that the base pay range is a guideline and for candidates who receive an offer, the base pay will vary based on factors such as work location as set out above, as well as the knowledge, skills, year in school and experience of the candidate. In addition to base pay, this role may be eligible for benefits.<\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-13 01:59:26"},{"id":109517,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/109517-account-manager-2","jobSlug":"109517-account-manager-2","jobTitle":"Enterprise Sales Lead","companyName":"Scroll.io","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2023\/07\/105078d294d30c978ca2badf7f376934.jpg","jobIndustry":["Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Anywhere","jobLevel":"Any","jobExcerpt":"The Enterprise Sales Lead will be responsible for developing and executing a strategic enterprise sales plan to drive new business for\u00a0Scroll.io. Reporting to the Head of Growth, this role will focus on identifying and securing new enterprise clients, positioning\u00a0Scroll.io\u2019s innovative blockchain solutions as essential to their success. The ideal candidate will have a strong SaaS&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>The Enterprise Sales Lead will be responsible for developing and executing a strategic enterprise sales plan to drive new business for\u00a0Scroll.io. Reporting to the Head of Growth, this role will focus on identifying and securing new enterprise clients, positioning\u00a0Scroll.io\u2019s innovative blockchain solutions as essential to their success. The ideal candidate will have a strong SaaS background and experience in selling enterprise services, with a deep understanding of how to craft and implement strategies that meet the needs of large-scale organizations.<\/p>\n<h2><strong>Key Responsibilities<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li><strong>Strategic Sales Planning:<\/strong>Develop and lead the implementation of a comprehensive enterprise sales strategy that targets high-value enterprise clients and drives new revenue growth. This includes setting clear objectives, identifying key markets, and creating actionable plans to achieve sales goals.<\/li>\n<li><strong>New Business Development:<\/strong>Identify and pursue new enterprise sales opportunities by leveraging your industry knowledge, network, and strategic thinking. Focus on opening doors to new clients, securing large-scale deals, and expanding\u00a0Scroll.io\u2019s presence within the enterprise sector.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Sales Strategy Execution:<\/strong>Translate strategic plans into executable sales tactics. This involves crafting compelling value propositions, customizing sales approaches for different industry verticals, and ensuring that\u00a0Scroll.io\u2019s solutions are presented effectively to decision-makers at target organizations.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Pipeline Management:<\/strong>Build and manage a robust sales pipeline, ensuring a steady flow of new business opportunities. Use CRM tools to track progress, forecast outcomes, and report on sales metrics regularly to the Head of Growth and executive team.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Relationship Building:<\/strong>While the primary focus is on new sales, you will also be responsible for building strong, lasting relationships with key enterprise clients. Ensure these relationships lead to long-term partnerships and repeat business opportunities.<\/li>\n<li><strong>Sales Leadership:<\/strong>Provide leadership and guidance to a growing sales team, ensuring they are motivated and equipped to achieve their sales targets. Collaborate closely with the Head of Growth to align team efforts with broader company objectives.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Requirements<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Proven experience in a senior enterprise sales role, with a strong background in SaaS and enterprise services and\/or solutions.<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrated success in developing and executing strategic sales plans that drive significant new business.<\/li>\n<li>Exceptional communication and negotiation skills, with the ability to articulate complex issues clearly and persuasively to enterprise stakeholders.<\/li>\n<li>Ability to analyze market data and trends to inform sales strategies and tactics.<\/li>\n<li>Willingness to travel for enterprise client meetings and industry events.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>Nice to Haves<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Experience working in startups or high-growth environments.<\/li>\n<li>Deep engagement and awareness of the latest enterprise technology trends.<\/li>\n<li>Active on platforms like LinkedIn and other professional networks.<\/li>\n<li>Public speaking experience and the ability to represent\u00a0Scroll.io\u00a0at industry events.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>About You<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>You are a self-starter and ability to take ownership, well organised, self-disciplined and effective when working autonomously on tasks and projects;<\/li>\n<li>You are responsive, collaborative and committed person with a high work ethic;<\/li>\n<li>You are a high class communicator who can articulate their views succinctly on calls or asynchronously in globally distributed, remote teams;<\/li>\n<li>You relish working in an agile start-up environment;<\/li>\n<li>You are a great listener who understands when to listen first and engages well with colleagues;<\/li>\n<li>You are a resilient, driven individual who is willing and able to continually develop and iterate to succeed;<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2><strong>What We Offer<\/strong><\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>A mission-led, collaborative culture<\/li>\n<li>Opportunity to work with cutting edge technology and like-minded people who are contributing to the progression of Ethereum<\/li>\n<li>Competitive salary package \/ generous paid time off \/ annual growth budget<\/li>\n<li>100% remote from any location with flexible hours<\/li>\n<li>Home office set up \/ co-working membership allowance<\/li>\n<li>Private healthcare in selected countries<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<p><em>Scroll is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need, please let us know and we&#8217;ll do our best to accommodate.<\/em><\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-12 03:07:19"},{"id":110604,"url":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/jobs\/110604-senior-marketing-analyst","jobSlug":"110604-senior-marketing-analyst","jobTitle":"Senior Marketing Analyst","companyName":"Life360","companyLogo":"https:\/\/jobicy.com\/data\/server-nyc0409\/galaxy\/mercury\/2022\/02\/f269bad3-221.jpeg","jobIndustry":["Marketing &amp; Sales"],"jobType":["full-time"],"jobGeo":"Canada,  USA","jobLevel":"Senior","jobExcerpt":"The Data &amp; Analytics team is a centralized team of Data professionals which includes Analytics, Data Engineering and Data Science. While belonging to a close-knit team of fellow data professionals, each Life360 Analyst will partner with one or more business units within the company on a long-term basis, contributing as a thought leader, establishing domain&#8230;","jobDescription":"<p>The Data &amp; Analytics team is a centralized team of Data professionals which includes Analytics, Data Engineering and Data Science. While belonging to a close-knit team of fellow data professionals, each Life360 Analyst will partner with one or more business units within the company on a long-term basis, contributing as a thought leader, establishing domain expertise and developing cross-functional relationships while collaborating to solve business problems with our data.<\/p>\n<h2>About the Job:<\/h2>\n<p>Life360 is looking for an experienced Marketing Analyst to join our team. The successful candidate will partner with Marketing leaders to leverage data, analytics and insights to drive new marketing opportunities with Brand, Personas and Lifecycle Marketing teams. An ideal candidate will leverage both their technical expertise and prior Marketing experience to: drive new sales and brand marketing campaigns, test and optimize improvements to the customer journey, design outreach experiments and collaborate with Marketing managers to gain new insights into our users.<\/p>\n<p><strong><em>For candidates based in the US, the salary range for this position is $130,000 to $170,000 USD. For candidates based in Canada, the salary range for this position is 138,000 to 165,000 CAD.\u00a0<\/em><\/strong><em>We take into consideration an individual&#8217;s background and experience in determining final salary- therefore, base pay offered may vary considerably depending on geographic location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The compensation package includes a wide range of medical, dental, vision, financial, and other benefits, as well as equity.<\/em><\/p>\n<h2>What You\u2019ll Do:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Drive the creation of key performance indicators, data collection techniques, reporting, and analyses that measure the performance of Growth Marketing and Lifecycle Marketing campaigns.<\/li>\n<li>Distill user insights and campaign analyses into cohesive narratives and presentations for presentation across the company.<\/li>\n<li>Advise marketing teams (mobile, web, online\/offline advertising, brand, product development) as the knowledge \u201cgo to\u201d resource for marketing data.<\/li>\n<li>Partner closely with the Data Engineering team to provide thought leadership and detailed requirements for data needs.<\/li>\n<li>Utilize data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Power BI) to create interactive and user-friendly reports.<\/li>\n<li>Develop\/implement models to improve marketing measurement, attribution and spend optimization<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>What We\u2019re Looking For:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>5+ years as a Marketing Data Analyst with marketing and paid user acquisition data and analytics experience in consumer internet, mobile app, or digital product firm.<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrated implementation and utilization of user tracking, click stream event platforms, and other paid audience analytics technologies. (Amplitude, Google Analytics, Appsflyer)<\/li>\n<li>Strong hands on data wrangling and reporting experience with large and complex data sets utilizing SQL, Python \/ R or equivalent using cloud data technologies like Redshift, Athena, and Snowflake..<\/li>\n<li>Experience in delivering enterprise Data and Business Intelligence reporting. (Quicksight, Tableau, Qlick, Looker, or equivalent)<\/li>\n<li>Experience gathering, distilling, and providing requirements to technical engineering and data teams.<\/li>\n<li>Demonstrated project management and organizational skills.<\/li>\n<li>Excellent verbal, presentation, and written communication skills<\/li>\n<li>Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Our Benefits:<\/h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Competitive pay and benefits<\/li>\n<li>Medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance plans (100% paid for US employees). We offer supplemental plans for medical and dental for Canadian employees<\/li>\n<li>401(k) plan with company matching program in the US and RRSP with DPSP plan for Canadian employees<\/li>\n<li>Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for mental wellness.<\/li>\n<li>Flexible PTO and 12 company wide days off throughout the year<\/li>\n<li>Learning &amp; Development programs<\/li>\n<li>Equipment, tools, and reimbursement support for a productive remote environment<\/li>\n<li>Free Life360 Platinum Membership for your preferred circle<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Life360 Values:<\/h2>\n<p>Our company\u2019s mission driven culture is guided by our shared values to create a trusted work environment where you can bring your authentic self to work and make a positive difference<\/p>\n<ul>\n<li>Be a Good Person &#8211; We have a team of high integrity people you can trust.<\/li>\n<li>Be Direct With Respect &#8211; We communicate directly, even when it\u2019s hard.<\/li>\n<li>Members Before Metrics &#8211; We focus on building an exceptional experience for families.<\/li>\n<li>High Intensity High Impact &#8211; We do whatever it takes to get the job done.<\/li>\n<\/ul>\n<h2>Our Commitment to Diversity:<\/h2>\n<p>We believe that different ideas, perspectives and backgrounds create a stronger and more creative work environment that delivers better results. Together, we continue to build an inclusive culture that encourages, supports, and celebrates the diverse voices of our employees. It fuels our innovation and connects us closer to our customers and the communities we serve. We strive to create a workplace that reflects the communities we serve and where everyone feels empowered to bring their authentic best selves to work.<\/p>\n<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Life360. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any legally protected status.\u00a0\u00a0<\/em><\/p>\n<p><em>We encourage people of all backgrounds to apply. We believe that a diversity of perspectives and experiences create a foundation for the best ideas. Come join us in building something meaningful.<\/em><strong><em>\u00a0<\/em><\/strong><em>Even if you don\u2019t meet 100% of the below qualifications, you should still seriously consider applying!<\/em><\/p>","pubDate":"2024-10-12 03:05:37","annualSalaryMin":"130000","annualSalaryMax":"170000","salaryCurrency":"USD"}]